1. Tell Me the Story of Jesus

Tell me the story of Jesus;
Write on my heart every word.
Tell me the story most precious,
Sweetest that ever was heard.
Tell how the angels, in chorus,
Sang as they welcomed His birth,
“Glory to God in the highest!
Peace and good tidings to earth.”

	Tell me the story of Jesus;
	Write on my heart every word.
	Tell me the story most precious,
	Sweetest that ever was heard.

Fasting, alone in the desert,
Tell of the days that He passed,
How for our sins He was tempted,
Yet was triumphant at last.
Tell of the years of His labour;
Tell of the sorrow He bore;
He was despised and afflicted,
Homeless, rejected and poor.

Tell of the cross where they nailed Him,
Suffering in anguish and pain;
Tell of the grave where they laid Him,
Tell how He liveth again.
Love in that story so tender,
Clearer than ever I see;
Stay, let me say, “I will follow
Him who has suffered for me.”

 afflicted again alone and angels anguish as at birth bore chorus clearer cross days desert despised earth ever every fasting follow for glory god good grave has he heard heart highest him his homeless how i in jesus labour laid last let liveth love me most my nailed of on our pain passed peace poor precious rejected sang say see sins so sorrow stay story suffered suffering sweetest tell tempted tender than that the they tidings to triumphant was welcomed where who will word write years yet 

----------------------------------------

2. More About Jesus

More about Jesus would I know,
More of His grace to others show;
More of His saving fullness see,
More of His love who died for me.

	More, more about Jesus;
	More, more about Jesus;
	More of His saving fullness see,
	More of His love who died for me.

More about Jesus let me learn,
More of His holy will discern;
Spirit of God, my teacher be,
Showing the things of Christ to me.

More about Jesus in His word,
Holding communion with my Lord,
Hearing His voice in every line,
Making each faithful saying mine.

More about Jesus on His throne,
Riches in glory all His own;
More of His kingdom’s sure increase;
More of His coming, Prince of Peace.

 about all be christ coming communion died discern each every faithful for fullness glory god grace hearing his holding holy i in increase jesus kingdom’s know learn let line lord love making me mine more my of on others own peace prince riches saving saying see show showing spirit sure teacher the things throne to voice who will with word would 

----------------------------------------

3. Tell Me Again

Tell me again of God’s wonderful love:
How Jesus left those fair mansions above,
Suffered and died for my sins on the tree;
He made atonement for you and for me.

	Tell how He lived for me; tell how He died,
	Sorely afflicted and nailed to the tree,
	Wounded and bruised for the sins of the world:
	Love so abounding– O tell it to me!

Tell me again how He wept for their sin,
Opened life’s gate that they all might come in;
But they despised Him and hardened their heart,
Cast out their Saviour and bid Him depart.

Tell me again how in sorrow He prayed;
All our transgressions on Jesus were laid.
None was found worthy for sin to atone:
Death’s bitter cup He must drink all alone.

Tell how exceedingly bitter His cry,
Nailed to the cross where they left Him to die;
Grieved and forsaken, God spared not His Son:
Love’s mighty work of redemption is done.

Copyright: ©

 abounding above afflicted again all alone and atone atonement bid bitter bruised but cast come cross cry cup death’s depart despised die died done drink exceedingly fair for forsaken found gate god god’s grieved hardened he heart him his how in is it jesus laid left life’s lived love love’s made mansions me might mighty must my nailed none not o of on opened our out prayed redemption saviour sin sins so son sorely sorrow spared suffered tell that the their they those to transgressions tree was wept were where wonderful work world worthy wounded you 

----------------------------------------

4. O Lamb of God

O Lamb of God, wherever Thou dost go,
Thy blood-stained footprints leaving here below,
We, too, shall follow by Thy grace so free;
Through suffering Thou didst get the victory.

Born in a stable, not a priestly son,
Sorrow and suffering Thou didst never shun;
But though despised, rejected and outcast,
Thy name exalted is on high at last.

Thou art the Pattern, Thou art still the same;
Despised, rejected, we shall bear Thy name.
Why should we wish to take a different way,
With the great crowds who will not do, but say?

A few short years to labour with Thee here,
Seeking for those who will Thy name revere,
Then to our home where Thou art shall we come;
Lord, help us lose our lives for Thee alone.

Copyright: ©

 a alone and art at bear below blood born but by come crowds despised didst different do dost exalted few follow footprints for free get go god grace great help here high home in is labour lamb last leaving lives lord lose name never not o of on our outcast pattern priestly rejected revere same say seeking shall short should shun so son sorrow stable stained still suffering take the thee then those thou though through thy to too us victory way we where wherever who why will wish with years 

----------------------------------------

5. To This Earth

To this earth to live and labour
In His Father’s name,
Poor and homeless, unknown stranger,
Jesus came.

Foxes have their lair for shelter,
Birds, their leafy nest,
But the loving Saviour had not
Where to rest.

From this lowly Man of Sorrows
Many hid their face:
Shame and scorn were heaped upon Him,
And disgrace.

Oh, that life so pure and holy,
Sacrificed each day,
Giving freely life and service
All the way!

At the close His blood so precious,
Shed for all mankind;
Still His foes were mocking, scoffing–
They were blind.

God has raised up this same Jesus,
Made Him Lord of all;
Sons of men, O now receive Him:
Hear His call.

Copyright: ©

 all and at birds blind blood but call came close day disgrace each earth face father’s foes for foxes freely from giving god had has have heaped hear hid him his holy homeless in jesus labour lair leafy life live lord loving lowly made man mankind many men mocking name nest not now o of oh poor precious pure raised receive rest sacrificed same saviour scoffing scorn service shame shed shelter so sons sorrows still stranger that the their they this to unknown up upon way were where 

----------------------------------------

6. When I Survey

When I survey the wondrous cross
On which the Prince of glory died,
My richest gain I count but loss
And pour contempt on all my pride.

Forbid it, Lord, that I should boast,
Save in the cross of Christ, my Lord;
All the vain things that charm me most–
I sacrifice them to His blood.

See, from His head, His hands, His feet,
Sorrow and love flow mingled down;
Did e’er such love and sorrow meet,
Or thorns compose so rich a crown?

Were the whole realm of nature mine,
That were a present far too small;
Love so amazing, so divine,
Demands my soul, my life, my all.

 a all amazing and blood boast but charm christ compose contempt count cross crown demands did died divine down e’er far feet flow forbid from gain glory hands head his i in it life lord loss love me meet mine mingled most my nature of on or pour present pride prince realm rich richest sacrifice save see should small so sorrow soul such survey that the them things thorns to too vain were when which whole wondrous 

----------------------------------------

7. O Tell Me More

O tell me more of Christ, my Saviour;
On this glad theme dwell o’er and o’er;
His boundless grace, His saving favour,
His precious name– O tell me more!

	O tell me more! So much I need
	His power to keep, His hand to lead;
	O tell me more of Him I love,
	Until I see His face above.

O tell me more of love’s sweet story,
If you would cheer and comfort me–
How Jesus wept, the King of glory,
Those tender tears of sympathy.

O tell me more! How waves of sorrow
Shall hear His voice say “Peace, be still”;
How, after night, bright dawns the morrow
To those who trust His blessèd will.

O tell me more! And I, repeating
The happy news, shall spread the joy;
Come, blessèd Lord, Thy work completing,
Till songs of praise our lips employ.

 above after and be blessèd boundless bright cheer christ come comfort completing dawns dwell employ face favour glad glory grace hand happy hear him his how i if jesus joy keep king lead lips lord love love’s me more morrow much my name need news night o of on our o’er peace power praise precious repeating saving saviour say see shall so songs sorrow spread still story sweet sympathy tears tell tender the theme this those thy till to trust until voice waves wept who will work would you 

----------------------------------------

8. Was It for Me?

Was it for me, for me alone,
The Saviour left His glorious throne,
The dazzling splendours of the sky:
Was it for me He came to die?

	It was for me, yes, all for me;
	Oh, love of God, so great, so free!
	Oh, wondrous love! Oh, boundless grace!
	He died for me, He took my place.

Was it for me sweet angel strains
Came floating o’er Judea’s plains
That starlight night so long ago:
Was it for me God planned it so?

Was it for me He wept and prayed,
My load of sin before Him laid
That night within Gethsemane:
Was it for me, that agony?

Was it for me He bowed His head
Upon the cross and freely shed
His precious blood, that crimson tide:
Was it for me the Saviour died?

 ago agony all alone and angel before blood boundless bowed came crimson cross dazzling die died floating for free freely gethsemane glorious god grace great he head him his it judea’s laid left load long love me my night of oh o’er place plains planned prayed precious saviour shed sin sky so splendours starlight strains sweet that the throne tide to took upon was wept within wondrous yes 

----------------------------------------

9. Jesus Came From Heaven

Jesus came from heaven revealing
God the Father here below,
All His truth to us declaring,
That we might His purpose know.

	Let us follow, ever follow,
	In His steps, whate’er befall,
	Looking always unto Jesus:
	In His name we conquer all.

Deepest darkness is prevailing
O’er the world on every side,
But if we will follow Jesus
We shall in His light abide.

He has given His life a ransom
That the prisoner might go free,
And has sent His servants warning
Men from coming wrath to flee.

Satan’s power will soon be broken
When the Prince of Life appears;
Then the darkness will be over;
God shall wipe away our tears.

Copyright: ©

 a abide all always and appears away be befall below broken but came coming conquer darkness declaring deepest ever every father flee follow free from given go god has he heaven here his if in is jesus know let life light looking men might name of on our over o’er power prevailing prince prisoner purpose ransom revealing satan’s sent servants shall side soon steps tears that the then to truth unto us warning we whate’er when will wipe world wrath 

----------------------------------------

10. Jesus Now and Jesus Ever

Jesus is our only message;
Jesus all our theme shall be;
We will lift up Jesus ever;
Jesus only will we see.

	Jesus now and Jesus ever,
	Jesus all in all we sing:
	Blessèd Saviour, Sanctifier,
	Glorious Lord and coming King.

Jesus is our only Saviour:
All our guilt He bore away;
All our righteousness He gives us,
All our strength from day to day.

Jesus is our only power,
Dwelling in each yielded heart;
We need never fear nor falter:
Grace and strength He doth impart.

Jesus is our only Master;
Sweet it is His will to do;
We would yield ourselves to serve Him
With a heart and purpose true.

 a all and away be blessèd bore coming day do doth dwelling each ever falter fear from gives glorious grace guilt he heart him his impart in is it jesus king lift lord master message need never nor now only our ourselves power purpose righteousness sanctifier saviour see serve shall sing strength sweet theme to true up us we will with would yield yielded 

----------------------------------------

11. Jesus Is Still the Same

Jesus is still the same
And ever will remain
Through time to come;
Though born in low estate,
Not ranked among the great,
He is the only gate,
God’s own sent One.

“Jesus, control my heart;
Help me to do my part
From day to day;
Help me to yield to Thee,
That I may always be
An offering glad and free,
In Thine own way.”

Some bright, glad day His own
Shall stand around the throne–
A victor throng:
The bitter conflict o’er,
Sickness and death no more,
Singing on that blest shore
Redemption’s song.

Copyright: ©

 a always among an and around be bitter blest born bright come conflict control day death do estate ever free from gate glad god’s great he heart help his i in is jesus low may me more my no not offering on one only own o’er part ranked redemption’s remain same sent shall shore sickness singing some song stand still that the thee thine though throne throng through time to victor way will yield 

----------------------------------------

12. O God of Bethel

O God of Bethel! by whose hand
Thy people still are fed,
Who through this weary pilgrimage
Hast all our fathers led.

Our vows, our prayers we now present
Before Thy throne of grace;
God of our fathers, be the God
Of their succeeding race.

Through each perplexing path of life,
Our wandering footsteps guide;
Give us each day our daily bread,
And raiment fit provide.

O spread Thy covering wings around
Till all our wanderings cease
And, at our Father’s loved abode,
Our souls arrive in peace.

Such blessings from Thy gracious hand
Our humble prayers implore;
And Thou shalt be our chosen God
And portion evermore.

 abode all and are around arrive at be before bethel blessings bread by cease chosen covering daily day each evermore fathers father’s fed fit footsteps from give god grace gracious guide hand hast humble implore in led life loved now o of our path peace people perplexing pilgrimage portion prayers present provide race raiment shalt souls spread still succeeding such the their this thou throne through thy till us vows wandering wanderings we weary who whose wings 

----------------------------------------

13. Jesus, the Very Thought of Thee

Jesus, the very thought of Thee
With sweetness fills my breast,
But sweeter far Thy face to see
And in Thy presence rest.

No voice can sing, nor heart can frame,
Nor can the memory find
A sweeter sound than Thy blest name,
O Saviour of mankind.

O hope of every contrite heart!
O joy of all the meek!
To those who fall, how kind Thou art!
How good to those who seek!

But what to those who find? ah, this
No tongue nor pen can show;
The love of Jesus, what it is,
None but His loved ones know.

Jesus, our only joy be Thou,
As Thou our prize shalt be;
Jesus, be Thou our glory now
And through eternity.

 a ah all and art as be blest breast but can contrite eternity every face fall far fills find frame glory good heart his hope how in is it jesus joy kind know love loved mankind meek memory my name no none nor now o of ones only our pen presence prize rest saviour see seek shalt show sing sound sweeter sweetness than the thee this those thou thought through thy to tongue very voice what who with 

----------------------------------------

14. Bow Down Thine Ear

Bow down Thine ear to me:
No place of rest is nigh;
O Lamb of God, I come to Thee;
In mercy hear my cry.

Bow down Thine ear to me:
My heart is sore oppressed;
I come to Thee in all my sin;
I come and long for rest.

Long in the desert ways
My feet have loved to roam;
The dreary waste I leave behind
And turn to Thee and home.

Earth’s passing pleasures vain,
How soon they fade and die!
I sought for bread, but found a stone,
Which could not satisfy.

The darkness gathers round:
Forsake me not, I pray;
A humble, contrite heart I bring;
O turn me not away.

Copyright: ©

 a all and away behind bow bread bring but come contrite could cry darkness desert die down dreary ear earth’s fade feet for forsake found gathers god have hear heart home how humble i in is lamb leave long loved me mercy my nigh no not o of oppressed passing place pleasures pray rest roam round satisfy sin soon sore sought stone the thee they thine to turn vain waste ways which 

----------------------------------------

15. Oh, Blessèd Rest of Heart

Oh, blessèd rest of heart,
From doubting, fear and sin–
A rest in Christ, the risen Lord,
Who sweetly reigns within.

I’m glad this rest is free–
This blessèd rest from sin.
This rest is free for you and me–
A living Christ within.

He sought my wayward heart,
Was earnest to come in–
A heart to wandering ever prone,
Whose reigning power was sin.

I gave to Him my heart,
A rebel, sinful thing;
I gave it, all the heart I had–
It sorely needed Him.

My rest is deep and strong,
Abiding, true and clean–
No darkness now, nor fear at all,
For Jesus reigns supreme.

Reign over me, Lord Jesus,
O keep my heart Thy throne:
It shall be Thine forevermore;
It shall be Thine alone.

 a abiding all alone and at be blessèd christ clean come darkness deep doubting earnest ever fear for forevermore free from gave glad had he heart him i in is it i’m jesus keep living lord me my needed no nor now o of oh over power prone rebel reign reigning reigns rest risen shall sin sinful sorely sought strong supreme sweetly the thine thing this throne thy to true wandering was wayward who whose within you 

----------------------------------------

16. Yesterday, Today, Forever

Oh, how sweet the glorious message
Simple faith may claim:
Yesterday, today, forever,
Jesus is the same.
Still He loves to save the sinful,
Heal the sick and lame,
Cheer the mourner, still the tempest–
Glory to His name!

	Yesterday, today, forever,
	Jesus is the same;
	All may change, but Jesus never!
	Glory to His name!

He who was the Friend of sinners
Seeks thee, lost one, now;
Sinner, come, and at His footstool
Penitently bow.
He who said, “I’ll not condemn thee:
Go, and sin no more,”
Speaks to thee that word of pardon
As in days of yore.

He who mid the raging billows
Walked upon the sea,
Still can hush our wildest tempest,
As on Galilee.
He who wept and prayed in anguish
In Gethsemane,
Drinks with us each cup of trembling,
In our agony.

 agony all and anguish as at billows bow but can change cheer claim come condemn cup days drinks each faith footstool forever friend galilee gethsemane glorious glory go he heal his how hush in is i’ll jesus lame lost loves may message mid more mourner name never no not now of oh on one our pardon penitently prayed raging said same save sea seeks sick simple sin sinful sinner sinners speaks still sweet tempest that the thee to today trembling upon us walked was wept who wildest with word yesterday yore 

----------------------------------------

17. Wash Me From Sin

Wash me, O Lamb of God,
Wash me from sin!
By Thine atoning blood,
O make me clean!
Purge me from every stain;
Let me Thine image gain;
In love and mercy reign
O’er all within.

Wash me, O Lamb of God,
Wash me from sin!
I long to be like Thee–
All pure within.
Now let the crimson tide,
Shed from Thy wounded side,
Be to my heart applied
And make me clean.

Wash me, O Lamb of God,
Wash me from sin!
By faith Thy cleansing blood
Now makes me clean.
So near art Thou to me,
So sweet my rest in Thee–
Oh, blessèd purity,
Saved, saved from sin.

Wash me, O Lamb of God,
Wash me from sin!
Thou, while I trust in Thee,
Wilt keep me clean.
Each day to Thee I bring
Heart, life, yea, everything,
Saved, while to Thee I cling,
Saved from all sin.

 all and applied art atoning be blessèd blood bring by clean cleansing cling crimson day each every everything faith from gain god heart i image in keep lamb let life like long love make makes me mercy my near now o of oh o’er pure purge purity reign rest saved shed side sin so stain sweet the thee thine thou thy tide to trust wash while wilt within wounded yea 

----------------------------------------

18. The Way of the Cross

I must needs go home by the way of the cross–
There’s no other way but this;
I shall ne’er get sight of the gates of light,
If the way of the cross I miss.

	The way of the cross leads home;
	The way of the cross leads home;
	It is sweet to know as I onward go,
	The way of the cross leads home.

I must needs go on in the blood-sprinkled way,
The path that the Saviour trod,
If I ever climb to the heights sublime,
Where the soul is at home with God.

Then I bid farewell to the way of the world,
To walk in it nevermore;
For my Lord says “Come” and I seek my home,
Where He waits at the open door.

 and as at bid blood but by climb come cross door ever farewell for gates get go god he heights home i if in is it know leads light lord miss must my needs nevermore ne’er no of on onward open other path saviour says seek shall sight soul sprinkled sublime sweet that the then there’s this to trod waits walk way where with world 

----------------------------------------

19. Not Redeemed With Gold

Not redeemed with gold or silver,
But with precious blood I am;
Priceless was the ransom given–
God the Father’s spotless Lamb.

	It was Jesus, my Saviour,
	Gave His life to ransom me;
	Love beyond my comprehending,
	When He suffered on Calvary.

Not redeemed to vainly squander
Time and talents He bestows;
Strength He gives to bear the burden–
Well this feeble frame He knows.

Not redeemed to live in pleasure
While the precious moments fly;
Brief our span of life to labour–
Days and years pass swiftly by.

He redeemed me– oh, what mercy!
Greater love could never be!
God’s own Son, so pure and holy,
Was the sacrifice for me.

Copyright: ©

 am and be bear bestows beyond blood brief burden but by calvary comprehending could days father’s feeble fly for frame gave given gives god god’s gold greater he his holy i in it jesus knows labour lamb life live love me mercy moments my never not of oh on or our own pass pleasure precious priceless pure ransom redeemed sacrifice saviour silver so son span spotless squander strength suffered swiftly talents the this time to vainly was well what when while with years 

----------------------------------------

20. From Heaven’s Glory

From heaven’s glory,
From His radiant throne above,
Came our Redeemer
In His wondrous love.
Oh, what pain and sorrow
Jesus suffered on the tree
As He died for sinners,
Died for you and me.

	Saviour, my Saviour,
	Thou hast died to make me free;
	Help me to serve Thee
	Till Thy blessèd face I see.

Faint and forsaken,
Out on Calvary’s mountainside,
Jesus, my Saviour,
Bowed His head and died.
He, our hope and surety,
All this suffering meekly bore,
But He rose triumphant,
Liveth evermore.

How can we grieve Him–
Jesus, blessèd Son of God–
Him, who so freely
Gave His precious blood?
With no hand to help us,
Drifting to a hopeless grave,
Jesus paid the ransom:
He alone could save.

Come to the Saviour,
With thy weary load of care;
Tell Him thy sorrow;
He will hear thy prayer.
He will loose thy burden,
Make thee victor over sin;
He will fill with gladness
All thy heart within.

Copyright: ©

 a above all alone and as blessèd blood bore bowed burden but calvary’s came can care come could died drifting evermore face faint fill for forsaken free freely from gave gladness glory god grave grieve hand hast he head hear heart heaven’s help him his hope hopeless how i in jesus liveth load loose love make me meekly mountainside my no of oh on our out over paid pain prayer precious radiant ransom redeemer rose save saviour see serve sin sinners so son sorrow suffered suffering surety tell the thee this thou throne thy till to tree triumphant us victor we weary what who will with within wondrous you 

----------------------------------------

21. If We but Knew

If we but knew the cost at which He came,
The price whereby the veil was rent in twain,
Would we not praise as angels praise His name?
If we but knew! If we but knew!

If we but knew the sorrow and the loss,
The lonely hours, the garden, yea, the cross,
Before such love all else would be as dross,
If we but knew! If we but knew!

If we but knew the joy His heart has planned,
The strength and mercy of the outstretched hand,
Not long would He rejected, waiting stand,
If we but knew! If we but knew!

If we but knew! O Jesus, Lord of all,
Before whom angels bow and nations fall,
Lest we resist Thy sweet, insistent call,
Help us to know, help us to know.

Copyright: ©

 all and angels as at be before bow but call came cost cross dross else fall garden hand has he heart help his hours if in insistent jesus joy knew know lest lonely long lord loss love mercy name nations not o of outstretched planned praise price rejected rent resist sorrow stand strength such sweet the thy to twain us veil waiting was we whereby which whom would yea 

----------------------------------------

22. Is It Nothing to You?

Is it nothing to you that the Saviour
In agony died on the tree?
He was smitten of God and afflicted
To purchase salvation for thee.

	In deep agony,
	Afflicted was He;
	When He poured out His soul in His anguish,
	O friend! He was stricken for thee.

Is it nothing to you that, in sorrow,
The Saviour is now passing by?
“I’d have gathered them in, but they would not”–
Exceedingly bitter His cry.

Is it nothing to you, is it nothing,
Your many transgressions He bore
When He purchased eternal redemption,
That you might be free evermore?

Is it nothing to you He is coming–
The Judge of the quick and the dead?
Oh, then how will you stand in the judgment,
When earth and its pleasures have fled?

 afflicted agony and anguish be bitter bore but by coming cry dead deep died earth eternal evermore exceedingly fled for free friend gathered god have he his how in is it its i’d judge judgment many might not nothing now o of oh on out passing pleasures poured purchase purchased quick redemption salvation saviour smitten sorrow soul stand stricken that the thee them then they to transgressions tree was when will would you your 

----------------------------------------

23. Oh, the Love That Sought Me

In tenderness He sought me,
So weary, sick with sin,
And on His shoulders brought me
Back to His fold again,
While angels in His presence sang
Until the courts of heaven rang.

	Oh, the love that sought me!
	Oh, the blood that bought me!
	Oh, the grace that brought me to the fold–
	Wondrous grace that brought me to the fold!

He pointed to the nailprints:
For me His blood was shed;
A mocking crown so thorny
Was placed upon His head.
I wondered what He saw in me,
To suffer such deep agony.

So while the hours are passing,
All now is perfect rest;
I’m waiting for the morning,
The brightest and the best,
When He will call us to His side
To be with Him– His spotless bride.

 a again agony all and angels are back be best blood bought bride brightest brought call courts crown deep fold for grace he head heaven him his hours i in is i’m love me mocking morning nailprints now of oh on passing perfect placed pointed presence rang rest sang saw shed shoulders sick side sin so sought spotless such suffer tenderness that the thorny to until upon us waiting was weary what when while will with wondered wondrous 

----------------------------------------

24. From Every Stain

From every stain made clean,
From every sin set free–
O blessèd Lord, this is the gift
That Thou hast promised me;
And pressing through the past
Of failure, fault and fear,
Before Thy cross my all I cast
And dare to leave it there.

From Thee I would not hide
My sin because of fear,
What men may think, I hate my pride
And as I am appear:
Just as I am, O Lord,
Not what I’m thought to be;
Just as I am, a struggling soul,
For life and liberty.

While in Thy light I stand,
My heart, I seem to see,
Has failed to take from Thine own hand
The gift it offers me.
O Lord, Thy plenteous grace,
Thy wisdom and Thy power,
I here proclaim before Thy face,
Can keep me every hour.

Upon the altar here,
I lay my treasure down;
I only want to have Thee near,
King of my heart to crown.
The fire doth surely burn
My every selfish claim;
And while from them to Thee I turn,
I trust in Thy great name.

 a all altar am and appear as be because before blessèd burn can cast claim clean cross crown dare doth down every face failed failure fault fear fire for free from gift grace great hand has hast hate have heart here hide hour i in is it i’m just keep king lay leave liberty life light lord made may me men my name near not o of offers only own past plenteous power pressing pride proclaim promised see seem selfish set sin soul stain stand struggling surely take that the thee them there thine think this thou thought through thy to treasure trust turn upon want what while wisdom would 

----------------------------------------

25. Jesus, I My Cross Have Taken

Jesus, I my cross have taken,
All to leave and follow Thee,
Destitute, despised, forsaken,
Thou, from hence, my all shalt be.

	I will follow Thee, my Saviour:
	Thou hast shed Thy blood for me;
	And though all the world forsake Thee,
	By Thy grace I will follow Thee.

Perish every fond ambition,
All I’ve sought and hoped and known;
Yet how rich is my condition!
God and heaven are still mine own.

Let the world despise and leave me;
They have left my Saviour too.
Human hearts and looks deceive me;
Thou art not, like them, untrue.

Man may trouble and distress me;
’Twill but drive me to Thy breast.
Life with trials hard may press me,
But in Thee I find my rest.

 all ambition and are art be blood breast but by condition cross deceive despise despised destitute distress drive every find follow fond for forsake forsaken from god grace hard hast have hearts heaven hence hoped how human i in is i’ve jesus known leave left let life like looks man may me mine my not own perish press rest rich saviour shalt shed sought still taken the thee them they thou though thy to too trials trouble twill untrue will with world yet 

----------------------------------------

26. Thy Life Was Given for Me

Thy life was given for me!
Thy blood, O Lord, was shed
That I might ransomed be
And quickened from the dead.
Thy life was given for me:
What have I given for Thee?

Long years were spent for me
In weariness and woe,
That through eternity
Thy glory I might know.
Long years were spent for me:
Have I spent one for Thee?

And Thou hast brought to me,
Down from Thy home above,
Salvation full and free,
Thy pardon and Thy love.
Great gifts Thou broughtest me:
What have I brought to Thee?

Oh, let my life be given,
My years for Thee be spent,
World fetters all be riven,
And joy with suffering blent.
To Thee my all I bring,
My Saviour and my King.

 above all and be blent blood bring brought broughtest dead down eternity fetters for free from full gifts given glory great hast have home i in joy king know let life long lord love me might my o oh one pardon quickened ransomed riven salvation saviour shed spent suffering that the thee thou through thy to was weariness were what with woe world years 

----------------------------------------

27. He First Loved Me

There is no friend like Jesus
On earth, in heaven above:
Unfailing, never changing,
His name and nature, love.
He left His home in glory
To die on Calvary;
I cannot help but love Him,
Because He first loved me.

My soul was heavy-burdened,
And sorrow filled my heart:
Sin’s fearful condemnation,
My portion and my part.
The message came from heaven,
“I died your soul to free”;
I cannot help but love Him,
Because He first loved me.

How great my consolation!
The Lamb of God has died;
In Him I am accepted,
Forgiven, sanctified.
I soon shall join the ransomed–
My Saviour I shall see;
I cannot help but love Him,
Because He first loved me.

Copyright: ©

 above accepted am and because burdened but calvary came cannot changing condemnation consolation die died earth fearful filled first forgiven free friend from glory god great has he heart heaven heavy help him his home how i in is jesus join lamb left like love loved me message my name nature never no of on part portion ransomed sanctified saviour see shall sin’s soon sorrow soul the there to unfailing was your 

----------------------------------------

28. Come, Let Us Follow Jesus

Come, let us follow Jesus–
It is the path of life;
See, all the faithful trod it
And conquered in the strife:
As strangers and as pilgrims,
They all with one accord
Through tribulation entered
The kingdom of our Lord.

Apostles, prophets, martyrs,
A great and noble throng,
This road that lies before us,
In ages past have gone.
They marked it with their footprints,
With tears and pain and blood,
Yet bravely struggled onward,
Strong in the strength of God.

Began, continued, finished,
The crown of life they won;
Hark! as their voices call us,
The race of life to run.
Heed not the world’s allurements:
We pass this way no more.
Lay hold on life eternal:
This life will soon be o’er.

Who saves his life shall lose it;
Who loses it shall save
To life that is eternal,
Secure beyond the grave.
With loins girt up and ready,
With purpose firm and strong,
We’ll tread where God’s true servants
In ages past have gone.

Copyright: ©

 a accord ages all allurements and apostles as be before began beyond blood bravely call come conquered continued crown entered eternal faithful finished firm follow footprints girt god god’s gone grave great hark have heed his hold in is it jesus kingdom lay let lies life loins lord lose loses marked martyrs more no noble not of on one onward our o’er pain pass past path pilgrims prophets purpose race ready road run save saves secure see servants shall soon strangers strength strife strong struggled tears that the their they this throng through to tread tribulation trod true up us voices way we we’ll where who will with won world’s yet 

----------------------------------------

29. God’s Word Is So Pure

God’s word is so pure and so precious to me;
Its precepts I love and adore–
A lamp to my feet and a light to my path,
Till pilgrimage days are no more.

	’Tis better than thousands of silver and gold,
	More precious than rubies can be,
	To sit at the feet of my Master divine
	And hear when He speaketh to me.

How peaceful and pleasant the ways of the Lord,
When under the Saviour’s control;
The word that He speaketh is spirit and life,
Refreshing and sweet to my soul.

I hear and obey, and my soul is set free
To follow my Saviour and King;
I cherish His word deeply hid in my heart–
Rejoicing, His praises I sing.

O Lord, let my heart in Thy statutes be sound;
Thy law is my joy and delight;
Incline now the heart of Thy servant, I pray,
To ponder therein day and night.

Copyright: ©

 a adore and are at be better can cherish control day days deeply delight divine feet follow free god’s gold he hear heart hid his how i in incline is its joy king lamp law let life light lord love master me more my night no now o obey of path peaceful pilgrimage pleasant ponder praises pray precepts precious pure refreshing rejoicing rubies saviour saviour’s servant set silver sing sit so soul sound speaketh spirit statutes sweet than that the therein thousands thy till tis to under ways when word 

----------------------------------------

30. We Have Found Him

Ye who trace with weary hearts and sad
Those blest scenes of Galilee,
O rejoice and be forever glad!
“We have found Him– come and see!”

	“We have found Him!– Joy of the Ages!”
	And our song with heaven’s gladness rings:
	“We have found the Christ of whom the prophets spake;
	We have found Him, King of kings.”

Ye who hunger for the living word,
Ye who thirst for living springs,
Come, each waiting heart with joy is stirred
By the song the herald sings.

This same Christ who taught beside the sea
Walks upon the earth today,
And He comes in lowliness to thee,
Templed still in mortal clay.

“We have found Him!” Bear the tidings far,
Wheresoever men are found,
Until all who seek the Guiding Star
Shall in light and peace abound.

Copyright: ©

 abound ages all and are be bear beside blest by christ clay come comes each earth far for forever found galilee glad gladness guiding have he heart hearts heaven’s herald him hunger in is joy king kings light living lowliness men mortal o of our peace prophets rejoice rings sad same scenes sea see seek shall sings song spake springs star still stirred taught templed the thee thirst this those tidings to today trace until upon waiting walks we weary wheresoever who whom with word ye 

----------------------------------------

31. Hasten to the Place of Refuge

Hasten to the place of refuge;
Do not linger on the plain.
If you hope to dwell with Jesus,
You must needs be born again.
Do not build your hope on theory:
Righteous acts will not avail.
Christ in you, the hope of glory,
Is the Rock which cannot fail.

	Heed the warning, come to Jesus:
	Of all friends He is the best.
	Do not grieve His Holy Spirit;
	Come, and He will give you rest.

Come and drink the living waters;
Bread of life is free to all.
Do not slight the invitation;
Hearken to the Saviour’s call.
Full salvation Jesus offers,
Victory over self and sin.
At the door of hope He’s waiting,
There to bid you “Welcome in.”

Time is ever speeding onward;
Here you cannot hope to stay.
Death is ever drawing nearer,
And the call you must obey.
In His tender love and mercy,
Jesus waits to lead you home;
From His light and love and presence,
Why will you in darkness roam?

Copyright: ©

 acts again all and at avail be best bid born bread build call cannot christ come darkness death do door drawing drink dwell ever fail free friends from full give glory grieve hasten he hearken heed here he’s his holy home hope if in invitation is jesus lead life light linger living love mercy must nearer needs not obey of offers on onward over place plain presence refuge rest righteous roam rock salvation saviour’s self sin slight speeding spirit stay tender the theory there time to victory waiting waits warning waters welcome which why will with you your 

----------------------------------------

32. We Love the Perfect Way

We love the perfect way of God,
The lowly path the Saviour trod;
Pilgrims and strangers here we roam:
We’re travelling on to God and home.

	In Jesus we have found the way
	Which leads to God and endless day;
	While here on earth He lends us breath,
	We will be true, be true till death.

We hear His voice and bless the hand
That leads us through the desert land;
We know the end is fair and sweet,
Where we shall rest our weary feet.

Our God is merciful and kind:
He found us lost in sin and blind,
And gently led us to the light;
Our song shall praise Him day and night.

His arm is strong: we do not fear,
Though Satan’s host is ever near;
He will protect us and defend
And keep us faithful to the end.

Copyright: ©

 and arm be bless blind breath day death defend desert do earth end endless ever fair faithful fear feet found gently god hand have he hear here him his home host in is jesus keep kind know land leads led lends light lost love lowly merciful near night not of on our path perfect pilgrims praise protect rest roam satan’s saviour shall sin song strangers strong sweet that the though through till to travelling trod true us voice way we weary we’re where which while will 

----------------------------------------

33. Give of Your Best

Give of your best to the Master,
Give of the strength of your youth;
Throw your soul’s fresh, glowing ardour
Into the battle for truth.
Jesus has set the example:
Dauntless was He, true and brave;
Give Him your loyal devotion,
Give Him the best that you have.

	Give of your best to the Master,
	Give of the strength of your youth;
	Clad in salvation’s full armour,
	Join in the battle for truth.

Give of your best to the Master,
Give Him first place in your heart;
Give Him first place in your service;
Consecrate every part.
Give, and to you shall be given–
God His belovèd Son gave;
Gratefully seeking to serve Him,
Give Him the best that you have.

Give of your best to the Master–
Naught else is worthy His love;
He gave Himself for your ransom,
Gave up His glory above,
Laid down His life without murmur,
You from sin’s ruin to save;
Give Him your heart’s adoration,
Give Him the best that you have.

 above adoration and ardour armour battle be belovèd best brave clad consecrate dauntless devotion down else every example first for fresh from full gave give given glory glowing god gratefully has have he heart heart’s him himself his in into is jesus join laid life love loyal master murmur naught of part place ransom ruin salvation’s save seeking serve service set shall sin’s son soul’s strength that the throw to true truth up was without worthy you your youth 

----------------------------------------

34. Teach Us, Lord

Teach us, Lord, our days to number,
That our hearts we may apply
Unto wisdom, ever seeking
Christ our Lord to glorify.

	Teach us, Lord, to walk in wisdom
	While our days are speeding past;
	Grant that we may bear Thine image
	Till we reach our home at last.

Teach us, Lord, our days to number–
Brief, so brief, life’s longest span;
Make us wise with heavenly wisdom,
Doing good while yet we can.

Teach us, Lord, our days to number;
Wake our souls to righteousness;
Save us from things seen and temporal;
Thou, our source of life and bliss.

Teach us, Lord, our days to number;
May we spend them one and all
In Thy service, watching, waiting,
Till we hear the final call.

Copyright: ©

 all and apply are at bear bliss brief call can christ days doing ever final from glorify good grant hear hearts heavenly home image in last life life’s longest lord make may number of one our past reach righteousness save seeking seen service so souls source span speeding spend teach temporal that the them thine things thou thy till to unto us waiting wake walk watching we while wisdom wise with yet 

----------------------------------------

35. God’s Salvation

God has always laboured human lives to win
To His path of life from varied ways of sin.
This is what He offers; nothing else will do
But the life of Jesus Christ lived out in you.

	God’s salvation is the Christ within,
	Giving daily victory over sin:
	Him as Lord by lip and life confessed–
	Walking in His footsteps to eternal rest.

Some compare their lives with lives of other men
And by moral actions hope God’s home to gain;
Yet the best men living, unrenewed by God,
Must be shut forever from that blest abode.

Friend, if you are honest, yield your life to God,
Make the Christ your Master, choose the path He trod.
Fear not to confess His name and serve Him now;
Power is yours, as daily to His will you bow.

Copyright: ©

 abode actions always and are as be best blest bow but by choose christ compare confess confessed daily do else eternal fear footsteps forever friend from gain giving god god’s has he him his home honest hope human if in is jesus laboured life lip lived lives living lord make master men moral must name not nothing now of offers other out over path power rest salvation serve shut sin some that the their this to trod unrenewed varied victory walking ways what will win with within yet yield you your yours 

----------------------------------------

36. Is There No Light?

“Is there no light,” some anxious soul is asking,
“To guide my steps into the path of life?
Is there no light? for I am growing weary
Of this vain world with all its sin and strife.”

The Light of Life through Jesus still is shining,
And unto you He says, “I am the Way.”
O doubting soul, there is no need to wander:
Turn unto Him– He will not let you stray.

He came to be a light to those in darkness,
To all who have this vale of shadow trod.
If you receive Him, He will be your Saviour
And give you power to be a child of God.

A little while the Light of Life is with you;
O follow Him, and He will lead you on;
Do not delay, lest darkness overwhelm you
And, turning late, you find that He is gone.

Copyright: ©

 a all am and anxious asking be came child darkness delay do doubting find follow for give god gone growing guide have he him i if in into is its jesus late lead lest let life light little my need no not o of on overwhelm path power receive saviour says shadow shining sin some soul steps still stray strife that the there this those through to trod turn turning unto vain vale wander way weary while who will with world you your 

----------------------------------------

37. Nothing Matters but Salvation

God gives you the invitation
To a life that is divine;
For this full and free salvation,
Come in His accepted time.

	Nothing matters but salvation,
	In this world or that to come;
	Nothing matters but salvation,
	When the race of life is run.

Hear the prophets’ exhortation
Given with a warning sound;
Call on God for His salvation,
In a time He may be found.

Pray for pardon and salvation,
And it shall be as thou wilt;
In Christ is no condemnation:
Hide yourself in Him from guilt.

God gives you this invitation:
“Come to me ere death draws nigh;
When I clothe you with salvation,
You shall live and shall not die.”

Copyright: ©

 a accepted and as be but call christ clothe come condemnation death die divine draws ere exhortation for found free from full given gives god guilt he hear hide him his i in invitation is it life live matters may me nigh no not nothing of on or pardon pray prophets race run salvation shall sound that the this thou time to warning when wilt with world you yourself 

----------------------------------------

38. This Question God Would Ask

This question God would ask of thee:
“Is it worthwhile so foolishly
To waste the precious life I gave,
Then weep and wail beyond the grave?”

	’Tis not worthwhile, O count the cost:
	Why should thy precious soul be lost?
	God loves thee though by sin defiled;
	O turn to Him, be reconciled.

Is it worthwhile, for earth’s renown,
To forfeit thine eternal crown?
Earth’s honours fade, death comes to all;
Is it worthwhile to spurn God’s call?

Though all thy friends should turn away
And bid thee shun the narrow way,
’Tis not worthwhile that thou shouldst be
An outcast through eternity.

Copyright: ©

 all an and ask away be beyond bid by call comes cost count crown death defiled earth’s eternal eternity fade foolishly for forfeit friends gave god god’s grave him honours i is it life lost loves narrow not o of outcast precious question reconciled renown should shouldst shun sin so soul spurn that the thee then thine this thou though through thy tis to turn wail waste way weep why worthwhile would 

----------------------------------------

39. The Way of God

I love to think the way of God
Is just the path that Jesus trod,
And that He planned the same for me,
To give me life eternally.

	The shadow of the Lord shall be
	A refuge sure eternally;
	My trust in Him help doth secure;
	His love and promises endure.

The love of God within my heart
Will teach me how to do my part
In serving Him from day to day
And walking Jesus’ lowly way.

The costly garments He provides
Are worn if we in Him abide;
The world looks on and does despise
The heavenly treasure, heavenly prize.

In desert plains a feast is spread,
The bread of heaven freely fed;
And those who eat thereof shall live;
The living waters life will give.

Copyright: ©

 a abide and are be bread costly day desert despise do does doth eat endure eternally feast fed for freely from garments give god he heart heaven heavenly help him his how i if in is jesus just life live living looks lord love lowly me my of on part path plains planned prize promises provides refuge same secure serving shadow shall spread sure teach that the thereof think those to treasure trod trust walking waters way we who will within world worn 

----------------------------------------

40. God’s Time Is Now

God’s time is now: O do not wait
Until another day is born;
His Spirit, grieved, may take His flight
And leave you, never to return.

	Today if you will hear His voice,
	Respond and harden not your heart;
	Wait not a more convenient day:
	His Holy Spirit may depart.

God’s time is now: O linger not;
The shades of night are falling fast,
And still you undecided stand;
What if today should be your last?

God’s time is now: do not rebel
Nor wait a more convenient day;
While angels bow their heads and weep,
You cast the Saviour’s love away.

Copyright: ©

 a and angels another are away be born bow cast convenient day depart do falling fast flight god’s grieved harden heads hear heart his holy if is last leave linger love may more never night nor not now o of rebel respond return saviour’s shades should spirit stand still take the their time to today undecided until voice wait weep what while will you your 

----------------------------------------

41. Jesus Calls Us O’er the Tumult

Jesus calls us o’er the tumult
Of this world’s wide sea:
“Do not longer vainly wander;
Give thy heart to me.”

	Take the yoke of Jesus ever,
	If thou wouldst be free:
	This the source of true salvation,
	Rest and liberty.

If thy heart be oft disquieted,
Tossing to and fro,
And thy life, as days are passing,
Seems to darker grow,

Many souls are bruised and broken,
Sighing for release;
Yet how few will follow Jesus,
Source of heavenly peace.

Hear the voice of wisdom calling;
Do not further go
In the ways of dark confusion
And of endless woe.

Copyright: ©

 and are as be broken bruised calling calls confusion dark darker days disquieted do endless ever few follow for free fro further give go grow hear heart heavenly how if in jesus liberty life longer many me not of oft o’er passing peace release rest salvation sea seems sighing souls source take the this thou thy to tossing true tumult us vainly voice wander ways wide will wisdom woe world’s wouldst yet yoke 

----------------------------------------

42. There Is a Way

There is a way, a narrow way,
That leads to life above–
A way of peace and holiness,
Of purity and love.

	My yearning soul desires to find
	This hidden path of bliss;
	Lord, hear my prayer, and lead me in
	The way of holiness.

To find this way, this living way,
We must forego our sin:
God has declared the pure in heart
Alone can enter in.

There is a way, a humble way,
A way of truth and grace–
The highway of God’s righteousness,
Where self can have no place.

There is a way, a perfect way;
His chosen walk therein;
And they who share His suffering now
Eternal glory win.

Copyright: ©

 a above alone and bliss can chosen declared desires enter eternal find forego glory god god’s grace has have hear heart hidden highway his holiness humble in is lead leads life living lord love me must my narrow no now of our path peace perfect place prayer pure purity righteousness self share sin soul suffering that the there therein they this to truth walk way we where who win yearning 

----------------------------------------

43. The Way That Leads to Heaven

The way that leads to heaven above
Is narrow, Jesus said.
’Tis only those who truly love
God’s way, therein will tread.

	God’s own way abides the same
	In every age and clime.
	There is but one true saving name:
	The name of Christ divine.

The Lord Himself has traced the way–
His feet were bruised and torn–
Exalted high in heaven today,
Where crowns His head adorn.

That voice that called, in accents clear,
The men of Galilee,
“Come, follow me, and do not fear,”
Is calling you and me.

Vain creeds of men are sure to fail;
False theories pass away;
Alone shall truth for men avail
On that great judgment day.

Copyright: ©

 abides above accents adorn age alone and are avail away bruised but called calling christ clear clime come creeds crowns day divine do every exalted fail false fear feet follow for galilee god’s great has head heaven high himself his in is jesus judgment leads lord love me men name narrow not of on one only own pass said same saving shall sure that the theories there therein those tis to today torn traced tread true truly truth vain voice way were where who will you 

----------------------------------------

44. Take One Forward Step

Take one forward step with Jesus;
Speed your feet to follow Him,
Lest He vanish in the distance
And the eye of faith grow dim.

	Take one forward step with Jesus:
	Perfect love will cast out fear.
	Love and prayer and faith’s clear vision
	Always see the Saviour near.

Take one forward step with Jesus;
Let your heart be filled with praise,
Since the Lord Himself has promised
Strength proportioned to your days.

Take one forward step with Jesus;
Know ye not He lives to care?
His own peace your heart possessing,
Walk in fellowship and prayer.

Take one forward step with Jesus;
Do not let your courage fail.
Think of Him who paid your ransom,
Pleading now within the veil.

Copyright: ©

 always and be care cast clear courage days dim distance do eye fail faith faith’s fear feet fellowship filled follow forward grow has he heart him himself his in jesus know lest let lives lord love near not now of one out own paid peace perfect pleading possessing praise prayer promised proportioned ransom saviour see since speed step strength take the think to vanish veil vision walk who will with within ye your 

----------------------------------------

45. Satisfied

All my life long I had panted
For a drink from some cool spring,
That I hoped would quench the burning
Of the thirst I felt within.

	Jesus, Saviour, I have found Him,
	Whom mine eyes with joy have seen!
	Jesus satisfies my longing;
	By His blood I am redeemed.

Feeding on the husks around me,
Till my strength was almost gone,
Longed my soul for something better,
Only still to hunger on.

Poor I was and sought for riches,
Something that would satisfy;
But the dust I gathered round me
Only mocked my soul’s sad cry.

Well of water, ever springing;
Bread of life, so rich and free;
Untold wealth that never faileth
My Redeemer is to me.

 a all almost am and around better blood bread burning but by cool cry drink dust ever eyes faileth feeding felt for found free from gathered gone had have him his hoped hunger husks i is jesus joy life long longed longing me mine mocked my never of on only panted poor quench redeemed redeemer rich riches round sad satisfies satisfy saviour seen so some something sought soul soul’s spring springing still strength that the thirst till to untold was water wealth well whom with within would 

----------------------------------------

46. Lord Jesus, Lead

Lord Jesus, lead– O lead me lest I stray;
Hold Thou my hand!
I fear the snares and pitfalls in life’s way;
Hold Thou my hand!
I am so weak and prone to go astray;
Guide Thou my feet lest I should miss the way.

Dear Lord, Thou’st always loved me– love me still,
And keep me pure;
Break Thou my pride, subdue my stubborn will–
I’ll then walk sure.
If but my life might glorify Thee, Lord,
’Twould be well spent and joy to me afford.

If my poor life can be of use to Thee,
I yield it all
To Thee who died upon the cruel tree
And drank the gall.
I’ll walk with Thee, though thorns are in life’s way
That pierced Thy feet; oh, let me never stray!

Copyright: ©

 afford all always am and are astray be break but can cruel dear died drank fear feet gall glorify go guide hand hold i if in it i’ll jesus joy keep lead lest let life life’s lord love loved me might miss my never o of oh pierced pitfalls poor pride prone pure should snares so spent still stray stubborn subdue sure that the thee then thorns thou though thou’st thy to tree twould upon use walk way weak well who will with yield 

----------------------------------------

47. He’s the One

Is there anyone can help us, one who understands our hearts
When the thorns of life have pierced them till they bleed?
One who sympathizes with us, who in wondrous love imparts
Just the very, very blessing that we need?

	Yes, there’s One, only One:
	The blessèd, blessèd Jesus, He’s the One!
	When afflictions press the soul, when waves of trouble roll
	And you need a friend to help you,
	He’s the One.

Is there anyone can help us, who can give a sinner peace
When his heart is burdened down with pain and woe?
Who can speak the word of pardon that affords a sweet release,
And whose blood can wash and make us white as snow?

Is there anyone can help us when the end is drawing near,
Who will go through death’s dark waters by our side?
Who will light the way before us and dispel all doubt and fear,
And will bear our spirits safely o’er the tide?

 a afflictions affords all and anyone as bear before bleed blessing blessèd blood burdened by can dark death’s dispel doubt down drawing end fear friend give go have heart hearts help he’s his imparts in is jesus just life light love make near need of one only our o’er pain pardon peace pierced press release roll safely side sinner snow soul speak spirits sweet sympathizes that the them there there’s they thorns through tide till to trouble understands us very wash waters waves way we when white who whose will with woe wondrous word yes you 

----------------------------------------

48. Abundant Life

Under the burdens of guilt and care,
Many a spirit is grieving,
Who in the joy of the Lord might share,
Life everlasting receiving.

	Life! life! eternal life!
	Jesus alone is the giver!
	Life! life! abundant life!
	Glory to Jesus forever!

Burdened one, why will you longer bear
Sorrows from which He releases?
Open your heart and, rejoicing, share
Life more abundant in Jesus.

Leaving the pleasures of sin behind,
Making your choice for the Saviour,
Turn to the source of eternal life,
Love Him, and serve Him forever.

 a abundant alone and bear behind burdened burdens care choice eternal everlasting for forever from giver glory grieving guilt he heart him in is jesus joy leaving life longer lord love making many might more of one open pleasures receiving rejoicing releases saviour serve share sin sorrows source spirit the to turn under which who why will you your 

----------------------------------------

49. If All Things Were Mine

If all things were mine, but not the Saviour,
Were my life worth living for a day?
Could my yearning heart find rest and comfort
In the things that soon must pass away?
If all things were mine, but not the Saviour,
Would my life be worth the lifelong strife?
Or all earthly joys e’en worth comparing
For a moment with a Christ-filled life?

Had I wealth and love in fullest measure
And a name revered both far and near,
Yet no hope beyond, no harbour waiting,
Where my storm-tossed vessel I could steer–
If all things were mine, but not the Saviour,
Who endured the cross and died for me,
Could then all the world afford a refuge,
Whither in my anguish I could flee?

Oh, what emptiness without the Saviour,
Mid the sins and sorrows here below;
And eternity– how dark without Him–
Only night and tears and endless woe!
What though I might live without a Saviour,
When I come to die, what will it be?
Oh, to face the valley’s gloom without Him,
And without Him all eternity!

Oh, the joy of having all in Jesus!
What a balm the broken heart to heal!
Not a sin so great but He’ll forgive it,
Not a sorrow but His love can feel!
If I have but Jesus, only Jesus,
Nothing else in all the world beside,
Oh, then, everything is mine in Jesus:
For my needs and more He will provide!

 a afford all and anguish away balm be below beside beyond both broken but can christ come comfort comparing could cross dark day die died earthly else emptiness endless endured eternity everything e’en face far feel filled find flee for forgive fullest gloom great had harbour have having he heal heart here he’ll him his hope how i if in is it jesus joy joys life lifelong live living love me measure mid might mine moment more must my name near needs night no not nothing of oh only or pass provide refuge rest revered saviour sin sins so soon sorrow sorrows steer storm strife tears that the then things though to tossed valley’s vessel waiting wealth were what when where whither who will with without woe world worth would yearning yet 

----------------------------------------

50. Long My Eager Heart

Long my eager heart was yearning
Some joy to find.
Ever on in sin I wandered–
Poor, helpless, blind.
Oh, to have the past forgiven,
How I’d wrestled, prayed and striven!
But the clouds remained unriven
Till Jesus came.

Refuge I have found in Jesus–
Sweet, tranquil rest:
Blissful sense of preservation–
Naught can molest.
Sin and Satan’s host defying,
On His strength and grace relying,
With His every wish complying,
Peace, peace is mine.

I have proved His power to save me
From every snare.
He is purer than the purest–
Exceeding fair.
He will nerve my faint endeavour;
Naught of earth from Him can sever.
I am His, and His forever!
What joy divine!

Copyright: ©

 am and blind blissful but came can clouds complying defying divine eager earth endeavour ever every exceeding faint fair find forever forgiven found from grace have he heart helpless him his host how i in is i’d jesus joy long me mine molest my naught nerve of oh on past peace poor power prayed preservation proved purer purest refuge relying remained rest satan’s save sense sever sin snare some strength striven sweet than the till to tranquil unriven wandered was what will wish with wrestled yearning 

----------------------------------------

51. There Is a Kingdom

There is a Kingdom, an everlasting Kingdom
Of righteousness, peace and true joy from on high;
Within all is splendour, unfading its treasure:
O friend, do you know that this Kingdom is nigh?

	The King of this Kingdom
	Enthroned now can bless you;
	O give Him possession
	And honour that’s due.

There is a Ruler that rules this great Kingdom;
He wills now to set up His reign in your heart.
He’s worthy of honour, how perfect in wisdom!
O friend, do you know He will power impart?

There is a throne that this King now is seeking,
Where He can His life and true blessing impart:
No longer then linger; with you He is pleading;
O friend, do you know that this throne is your heart?

Copyright: ©

 a all an and bless blessing can do due enthroned everlasting friend from give great he heart he’s high him his honour how impart in is its joy king kingdom know life linger longer nigh no now o of on peace perfect pleading possession power reign righteousness ruler rules seeking set splendour that that’s the then there this throne to treasure true unfading up where will wills wisdom with within worthy you your 

----------------------------------------

52. The King of Kings

The King of kings is very near thee,
E’en though thy path be dark and lone;
How tenderly He waits to cheer thee,
If thou wilt make Him now thine own.

	The King of kings is gently pleading;
	O do not let Him then depart!
	His grace and love thy soul is needing;
	Enthrone Him King within thy heart.

Dark night of fears that doth affrighten
Shall vanish in the light of day;
Thy heavy load of sin shall lighten:
He’ll wash the stains of guilt away.

In changing life, a friend unfailing
This King of kings will be to thee;
When Jordan’s waves are fierce assailing,
How near and dear He then will be!

Copyright: ©

 a affrighten and are assailing away be changing cheer dark day dear depart do doth enthrone e’en fears fierce friend gently grace guilt he heart heavy he’ll him his how if in is jordan’s king kings let life light lighten load lone love make near needing night not now o of own path pleading shall sin soul stains tenderly that the thee then thine this thou though thy to unfailing vanish very waits wash waves when will wilt within 

----------------------------------------

53. Behold the King of Love

Behold the King of Love
At your heart’s door;
His gracious, holy will
Resist no more.

	He lingers, oh, He lingers,
	By your side He lingers;
	Admit the King of Glory
	To dwell with you.

Oh, love surpassing sweet,
So long to wait!
His grace, how rich and free,
Exceeding great!

Forsaken of His God,
He drank the gall;
His deathless love, how strong!–
It claims your all.

His love can never fail;
O trust Him now;
To all His heart demands,
In silence bow.

Copyright: ©

 admit all and at behold bow by can claims deathless demands door drank dwell exceeding fail forsaken free gall glory god grace gracious great he heart heart’s him his holy how in it king lingers long love more never no now o of oh resist rich side silence so strong surpassing sweet the to trust wait will with you your 

----------------------------------------

54. So Kind a Shepherd

Was there e’er so kind a Shepherd,
One so gentle yet so great,
As the Saviour, who would have us
Come and gather round His feet?

There’s a wideness in God’s mercy,
Like the wideness of the sea;
There’s a kindness in His justice,
Which is more than liberty.

There is no place where earth’s sorrows
Are more felt than up in heaven;
There is no place where earth’s failings
Have such kindly judgment given.

For the love of God is broader
Than the measure of man’s mind,
And the heart of the Eternal
Is most wonderfully kind.

 a and are as broader come earth’s eternal e’er failings feet felt for gather gentle given god god’s great have heart heaven his in is judgment justice kind kindly kindness liberty like love man’s measure mercy mind more most no of one place round saviour sea shepherd so sorrows such than the there there’s up us was where which who wideness wonderfully would yet 

----------------------------------------

55. Who Is He, the King of Kings?

Who is He, the King of kings?
Pleading at thy heart He brings
Hope for thee beyond the grave–
He who died thy soul to save;
In His realm eternally
Whosoever will may be.

Who is He that in thy heart
Sows the word, life to impart?
Thus His kingdom and His power
Thou canst share this very hour;
Rule and reign of Christ within
Gives thee victory over sin.

Who is He? when thus enthroned
In a life by world disowned,
Gives it light o’er sin’s dark way,
Wondrous hope to those astray,
Bringing His great kingdom nigh,
Peace and joys that never die.

Jesus– hail Him King and Lord!
Entrance to thy heart afford.
Worthy He to claim the throne:
For thy sins He did atone.
In His realm eternally
Evermore thy soul will be.

Copyright: ©

 a afford and astray at atone be beyond bringing brings by canst christ claim dark did die died disowned enthroned entrance eternally evermore for gives grave great hail he heart him his hope hour impart in is it jesus joys king kingdom kings life light lord may never nigh of over o’er peace pleading power realm reign rule save share sin sins sin’s soul sows that the thee this those thou throne thus thy to very victory way when who whosoever will within wondrous word world worthy 

----------------------------------------

56. God’s Heavenly Kingdom

God’s heavenly kingdom is for all;
No soul doth God exclude:
The rich or poor, the great or small
Can enter if they would.

	Come, now enter, come, now enter!
	Enter while you may.
	As the Spirit gently pleadeth,
	Enter in today.

God’s kingdom cometh not with show,
But as a living seed
Which in the heart the Lord doth sow,
Of all who feel their need.

God’s kingdom is more precious far
Than things that soon decay;
Its door of mercy stands ajar:
O come, then, come today.

Copyright: ©

 a ajar all as but can come cometh decay door doth enter exclude far feel for gently god god’s great heart heavenly if in is its kingdom living lord may mercy more need no not now o of or pleadeth poor precious rich seed show small soon soul sow spirit stands than that the their then they things today which while who with would you 

----------------------------------------

57. Teach Me Submission

Teach me submission, Father, each day;
May I be ever pliant as clay.
Come sun or shadow, whate’er may be,
Fulfil Thy purpose, Father, in me.

Perfect submission brings from above
Blessèd remission, Father of love.
Make me and help me daily to yield,
Only and ever, Jesus my shield.

Teach me submission, and here below
Foretaste of heaven my heart shall know;
And when in glory, in sweet accord,
With the redeemed I’ll praise Thee, O Lord.

Copyright: ©

 above accord and as be below blessèd brings clay come daily day each ever father foretaste from fulfil glory heart heaven help here i in i’ll jesus know lord love make may me my o of only or perfect pliant praise purpose redeemed remission shadow shall shield submission sun sweet teach the thee thy to whate’er when with yield 

----------------------------------------

58. Thine Own Way, Lord

Have Thine own way, Lord!
Have Thine own way!
Thou art the Potter;
I am the clay.
Mould me and make me
After Thy will,
While I am waiting,
Yielded and still.

Have Thine own way, Lord!
Have Thine own way!
Search me and try me,
Master, today;
Whiter than snow, Lord,
Wash me just now,
As in Thy presence
Humbly I bow.

Have Thine own way, Lord!
Have Thine own way!
Wounded and weary,
Help me, I pray!
Power, all power,
Surely is Thine!
Touch me and heal me,
Saviour divine!

Have Thine own way, Lord!
Have Thine own way!
Hold o’er my being
Absolute sway!
Fill with Thy Spirit
Till all shall see
Christ only, always,
Living in me!

 absolute after all always am and art as being bow christ clay divine fill have heal help hold humbly i in is just living lord make master me mould my now only own o’er potter power pray presence saviour search see shall snow spirit still surely sway than the thine thou thy till today touch try waiting wash way weary while whiter will with wounded yielded 

----------------------------------------

59. Come Unto Me

“Come unto me,” it is the Saviour’s voice,
The Lord of Life, who bids thy heart rejoice,
“O weary heart, with heavy cares oppressed,
Come unto me and I will give you rest.”

	“Come unto me, Come unto me,
	Come unto me and I will give you life,
	I will give you rest, I will give you peace.”

Weary with life’s long struggle, full of pain,
O doubting soul, thy Saviour calls again–
Thy doubts shall vanish and thy sorrows cease:
“Come unto me and I will give you peace.”

O dying man, with guilt and sin dismayed,
With conscience wakened, of thy God afraid,
’Twixt hopes and fears, O end the anxious strife:
“Come unto me and I will give you life.”

Life, rest and peace, the flowers of deathless bloom,
The Saviour gives us not beyond the tomb;
But here and now, on earth, some glimpse is given
Of joys which wait us through the gates of heaven.

 afraid again and anxious beyond bids bloom but calls cares cease come conscience deathless dismayed doubting doubts dying earth end fears flowers full gates give given gives glimpse god guilt heart heaven heavy here hopes i is it joys life life’s long lord man me not now o of on oppressed pain peace rejoice rest saviour saviour’s shall sin some sorrows soul strife struggle the through thy tomb twixt unto us vanish voice wait wakened weary which who will with you 

----------------------------------------

60. Teach Me Thy Way

Teach me Thy way, O Lord,
Teach me Thy way!
Thy guiding grace afford–
Teach me Thy way!
Help me to walk aright,
More by faith, less by sight;
Lead me with heavenly light–
Teach me Thy way!

When I am sad at heart,
Teach me Thy way!
When earthly joys depart,
Teach me Thy way!
In hours of loneliness,
In times of dire distress,
In failure or success,
Teach me Thy way!

When doubts and fears arise,
Teach me Thy way!
When storms o’erspread the skies,
Teach me Thy way!
Shine through the cloud and rain,
Through sorrow, toil and pain;
Make Thou my pathway plain–
Teach me Thy way!

Long as my life shall last,
Teach me Thy way!
Where’er my lot be cast,
Teach me Thy way!
Until the race is run,
Until the journey’s done,
Until the crown is won,
Teach me Thy way!

 afford am and aright arise as at be by cast cloud crown depart dire distress done doubts earthly failure faith fears grace guiding heart heavenly help hours i in is journey’s joys last lead less life light loneliness long lord lot make me more my o of or o’erspread pain pathway plain race rain run sad shall shine sight skies sorrow storms success teach the thou through thy times to toil until walk way when where’er with won 

----------------------------------------

61. Sitting at the Feet of Jesus

Sitting at the feet of Jesus
With a broken, contrite heart,
Listening to His word so precious:
Joy to us it doth impart,
Comfort gives in times of trial,
Quickens every true desire,
:: Fills our hearts with love like Jesus’,
And with zeal it doth inspire. ::

This, the one thing needful daily,
As we walk in Jesus’ way:
Taking time to wait and listen,
And to hear what He would say;
Then with courage for the conflict,
And with heart and mind renewed,
:: Standing true and loyal to Jesus,
All our foes will be subdued. ::

Let us choose then to obey Him
And to humbly seek His face:
He will fill us with His Spirit
And renew us by His grace;
He will prove His presence with us,
And His still, small voice we’ll hear.
:: This, the source of all true blessing:
When we know that He is near. ::

Copyright: ©

 a all and as at be blessing broken by choose comfort conflict contrite courage daily desire doth every face feet fill fills foes for gives grace he hear heart hearts him his humbly impart in inspire is it jesus joy know let like listen listening love loyal mind near needful obey of one our precious presence prove quickens renew renewed say seek sitting small so source spirit standing still subdued taking that the then thing this time times to trial true us voice wait walk way we we’ll what when will with word would zeal 

----------------------------------------

62. Sow the Word

Sweet words of Jesus, eternal and true–
Like seeds of springtime, sow them anew;
Speak, speak the message that maketh me whole!
The words of Jesus breathe life to my soul.

	Sow, sow the word, the Kingdom’s seed!
	The words of Jesus are life, life indeed.

Sow, then, O sower, in patience and love;
Precious the message sent from above.
I, so unworthy, so weak and defiled;
Speak, speak the gospel that makes me His child.

Speak all the message, for I would be free;
All of His beauty cause me to see
That I may choose Him as life’s better part,
That I may crown Him the king of my heart.

Copyright: ©

 above all and anew are as be beauty better breathe cause child choose crown defiled eternal for free from gospel heart him his i in indeed jesus king kingdom’s life life’s like love makes maketh may me message my o of part patience precious see seed seeds sent so soul sow sower speak springtime sweet that the them then to true unworthy weak whole word words would 

----------------------------------------

63. Precious Seed

The living words of Jesus
To me are precious seed.
They offer peace and guidance,
True comfort in my need.
With warmth of true submission,
I’ll gladly do my part;
Then comes first bloom of springtime:
New life within my heart.

	Divine is that blest message,
	Like living seed to me.
	I’d cherish and obey it,
	Reap life eternally.

My heart is soil for sowing;
What will its reaping be?
Do stones there have possession?
Do thorns now rule in me?
The evil one would rob me,
The precious seed would steal;
No fruit will ever sweeten
In hearts with hardness sealed.

The sowers at His bidding
Have left their homes behind,
The precious seed to scatter,
Impelled by love divine.
With promise of the harvest,
The gospel is made known;
Come sunshine or come storm-clouds,
A hope of heaven is sown.

Copyright: ©

 a and are at be behind bidding blest bloom by cherish clouds come comes comfort divine do eternally ever evil first for fruit gladly gospel guidance hardness harvest have heart hearts heaven his homes hope impelled in is it its i’d i’ll jesus known left life like living love made me message my need new no now obey of offer one or part peace possession precious promise reap reaping rob rule scatter sealed seed soil sowers sowing sown springtime steal stones storm submission sunshine sweeten that the their then there they thorns to true warmth what will with within words would 

----------------------------------------

64. Christ for Me

Oh! how perplexing life would be
If Christ had never lived for me;
His life forever made so clear
How we could please the Father here.

How hopeless my poor soul would be
If Christ had never died for me;
His blood poured out on Calvary’s tree
Brought hope eternal nigh to me.

I could not tread this path alone,
But Christ has made my heart His home:
His life within is all I need
To grow like Him in word and deed.

My heart would oft discouraged be,
But Christ now intercedes for me;
So at the throne of grace I seek
The peace He to my heart would speak.

This world my home could never be,
For Christ is coming back for me;
Should death sound out the final call,
My heart will whisper “Christ is all.”

Copyright: ©

 all alone and at back be blood brought but call calvary’s christ clear coming could death deed died discouraged eternal father final for forever grace grow had has he heart here him his home hope hopeless how i if in intercedes is life like lived made me my need never nigh not now of oft oh on out path peace perplexing please poor poured seek should so soul sound speak the this throne to tread tree we whisper will within word world would 

----------------------------------------

65. The Precious Seed Is Scattered

Now the precious seed is scattered
Through Thy message from above:
Blest, unchanging gospel story–
Seed of life and seed of love.
Shall it fall upon the wayside
After all the sower’s toil?
Quickly to be robbed and taken–
Wild, unclaimed, unbroken soil.

Or upon a heart so stony
That it never root can find:
Not a harvest ever garnered,
Nor a single sheaf to bind.
In a life of worldly seeking,
Midst the thorns that tangle there,
Shall the seed be sown to perish,
Choked by every earthly care?

Nay! but let my life be broken
By the tiller’s patient skill,
Ready to receive Thy message,
Yielded to Thy blessèd will.
Sow Thy precious seed, dear Saviour,
Deep within this heart of mine,
That it there may grow and flourish,
Springing forth to life divine.

Copyright: ©

 a above after all and be bind blessèd blest broken but by can care choked dear deep divine earthly ever every fall find flourish forth from garnered gospel grow harvest heart in is it let life love may message midst mine my nay never nor not now of or patient perish precious quickly ready receive robbed root saviour scattered seed seeking shall sheaf single skill so soil sow sower’s sown springing stony story taken tangle that the there this thorns through thy tiller’s to toil unbroken unchanging unclaimed upon wayside wild will within worldly yielded 

----------------------------------------

66. O Seeking Soul

O seeking soul! O weary heart!
The Lord knows all thy care;
In tender love He asks of thee,
“Take up thy cross and follow me;
:: Thy burden I will bear.” ::

	A seeking soul will always find
	A seeking Saviour near;
	He will forgive thy past and set thee free
	From every doubt and fear.

O seeking soul, in darkness still,
Life holds no joy for thee;
Thy Saviour yearns to take thy part;
His love will fill thine aching heart;
:: Thy holy guest He’ll be. ::

O seeking soul, yet still outside
The shelter of the fold,
This is thine opportunity;
He calls, He pleads, “O come to me:
:: This world is hard and cold.” ::

Thy doubts will all be cleared away;
Life’s purpose thou wilt see.
Christ is the Light, He is the Way
That leads to God’s eternal day;
:: Thy Saviour seeks for thee. ::

Copyright: ©

 a aching all always and asks away be bear burden calls care christ cleared cold come cross darkness day doubt doubts eternal every fear fill find fold follow for forgive free from god’s guest hard he heart he’ll his holds holy i in is joy knows leads life life’s light lord love me near no o of opportunity outside part past pleads purpose saviour see seeking seeks set shelter soul still take tender that the thee thine this thou thy to up way weary will wilt world yearns yet 

----------------------------------------

67. Soul Adrift

Soul adrift without the Saviour,
With no hope beyond the grave,
Look and see the hand of Jesus
Offering mercy now to save.

	Grasp the hand held out in mercy;
	Come in spite of fear and doubt.
	He who knows your sin and sorrow
	Will in no wise cast you out.

Seek the Lord while you may find Him;
Call on Him while He is near.
Though the hosts of sin may hinder,
Come to Jesus– do not fear.

Hear His pleading voice so tender,
“Soul, I died that you might live”;
And your life, so dearly purchased,
Can you still refuse to give?

Still He calls, and yet you linger;
Why will you His love gainsay?
Know ye not that there will never
Come a more convenient day?

Copyright: ©

 a adrift and beyond call calls can cast come convenient day dearly died do doubt fear find gainsay give grasp grave hand he hear held him hinder his hope hosts i in is jesus know knows life linger live look lord love may mercy might more near never no not now of offering on out pleading purchased refuse save saviour see seek sin so sorrow soul spite still tender that the there though to voice while who why will wise with without ye yet you your 

----------------------------------------

68. Is There No One to Help Us?

Wandering lone in the desert,
Wandering lone in the night;
Longing, longing for comfort,
Longing, longing for light;
By the world disappointed,
Nothing, nothing to cheer:
This, the way of the Christless
In the wilderness drear.

Is there no one to help us?
Is there no one to care?
None to lighten the burden,
None our sorrow to share?
When the heart, torn and bleeding,
Struggles under its woe,
Is there no one to turn to?
Is there nowhere to go?

Ah! yes, friend, One is waiting,
Longing, longing to share
All your burdens and heartaches,
All your sorrow and care,
One who’ll ever be faithful,
One who’ll always be true
As a friend and a brother
And a refuge for you.

Why not flee from the desert?
Why not flee from the night?
Why not flee from your sorrow?
Why not turn to the light?
Where a welcome awaits you,
Where that One from above
Waits and longs to enfold you
In the arms of His love.

Copyright: ©

 a above ah all always and arms as awaits be bleeding brother burden burdens by care cheer christless comfort desert disappointed drear enfold ever faithful flee for friend from go heart heartaches help his in is its light lighten lone longing longs love night no none not nothing nowhere of one our refuge share sorrow struggles that the there this to torn true turn under us waiting waits wandering way welcome when where who’ll why wilderness woe world yes you your 

----------------------------------------

69. To Whom, Lord, Shall We Go?

To whom, Lord, shall we go, save Thee?
With all our hearts’ perplexity?
Amidst a world of doubt and strife,
Thou, Lord, alone hast words of life.

To whom, Lord, shall we go, save Thee?
When all our sinful hearts we see?
For Thou, dear Lord, and Thou alone
Didst for the sins of men atone.

To whom, Lord, shall we go, save Thee?
When life hath wounded bitterly?
There’s healing in Thy nail-pierced hands–
The Man of Sorrows understands.

Thou art the Christ, we come to Thee;
Thy love hath won us utterly.
Thy touch hath power to make us whole,
Belovèd Bridegroom of the soul.

Copyright: ©

 a all alone amidst and art atone belovèd bitterly bridegroom christ come dear didst doubt for go hands hast hath healing hearts in life lord love make man men nail of our perplexity pierced power save see shall sinful sins sorrows soul strife the thee there’s thou thy to touch understands us utterly we when whole whom with won words world wounded 

----------------------------------------

70. Send Thy Light

Send Thy light, Almighty Lord,
To the darkened hearts of men;
By Thine all-commanding word
Give the nations hope again.

Send Thy truth, declared of old,
Where false gods of earth hold sway;
Make it known from pole to pole–
Herald of a better day.

Then the captive shall rejoice,
Freed from blind tradition’s chain;
In the kingdom of the heart,
Light and truth and love shall reign.

Come then, sovereign King of kings,
Lord of lords and Prince of Peace;
Reign till all creation rings
With the song that ne’er shall cease.

Copyright: ©

 a again all almighty and better blind by captive cease chain come commanding creation darkened day declared earth false freed from give gods heart hearts herald hold hope in it king kingdom kings known light lord lords love make men nations ne’er of old peace pole prince reign rejoice rings send shall song sovereign sway that the then thine thy till to tradition’s truth where with word 

----------------------------------------

71. Perishing

Perishing! Yes, perishing,
Drifting through this world of sin,
With no God of love to save,
With no hope beyond the grave–

	God is calling now to thee!
	Grasp the opportunity!

Calling you from paths of sin,
Calling you to enter in
To His strait and narrow way,
Leading on to endless day–

Perishing! How sad indeed!
Oh, that you might feel your need
Of His power to make you whole,
Of His wondrous, sweet control–

Opportunities are gone
When we leave this fading scene;
Now is your accepted day,
Never more to pass this way–

Copyright: ©

 accepted and are beyond calling control day drifting endless enter fading feel from god gone grasp grave his hope how in indeed is leading leave love make might more narrow need never no now of oh on opportunities opportunity pass paths perishing power sad save scene sin strait sweet that the thee this through to way we when whole with wondrous world yes you your 

----------------------------------------

72. Why Should I Walk?

Why should I walk in paths of night
Which give no peace nor pure delight?
My way is wrong, God’s way is right:
His way is seen in Jesus.

	The truth of God my heart has won;
	He’ll finish what He has begun;
	In earth or heaven there is none
	Who can compare with Jesus.

Man’s wisdom leads into a maze,
And error grows in bypath ways;
But hearts are filled with joy and praise,
Who see the truth in Jesus.

My human power cannot avail;
In war with sin it can but fail;
By this alone I can prevail:
Receiving life in Jesus.

Though sin assail me like a flood,
I’ll plead His name and precious blood;
The pure and spotless Son of God
And sinners’ friend is Jesus.

Copyright: ©

 a alone and are assail avail begun blood but by bypath can cannot compare delight earth error fail filled finish flood friend give god god’s grows has he heart hearts heaven he’ll his human i in into is it i’ll jesus joy leads life like man’s maze me my name night no none nor of or paths peace plead power praise precious prevail pure receiving right see seen should sin sinners son spotless the there this though truth walk war way ways what which who why wisdom with won wrong 

----------------------------------------

73. See the Saviour, in Compassion

See the Saviour, in compassion
Come to earth to bleed and die;
Think of His great love in leaving
Heaven’s blessèd home on high,
Down to win earth’s weary sinners,
Wandering far: How can it be?
:: Oh, what love– ’tis passing knowledge–
Can it be? Can it be? ::

See the Saviour, thoughtful, walking
By the Sea of Galilee;
Hear Him call those lowly fishers:
“Follow me, come follow me;
Come with me to live and labour
Till the close of life’s last day;
:: Help me win the souls who wander
Far away, far away.” ::

See the Saviour, kneeling, praying
In the garden all alone,
Facing death and cruel mocking–
For our sins He must atone.
Fainting neath a weight of sorrow,
He must bear the cross alone;
:: See Him patiently enduring,
All alone, all alone. ::

Copyright: ©

 a all alone and atone away be bear bleed blessèd by call can close come compassion cross cruel day death die down earth earth’s enduring facing fainting far fishers follow for galilee garden great he hear heaven’s help high him his home how in it kneeling knowledge labour last leaving life’s live love lowly me mocking must neath of oh on our passing patiently praying saviour sea see sinners sins sorrow souls the think those thoughtful till tis to walking wander wandering weary weight what who win with 

----------------------------------------

74. One There Is Who Loves Thee

One there is who loves thee,
Waiting still for thee.
Canst thou yet reject Him?
None so kind as He!
Do not grieve Him longer;
Come and trust Him now!
He has waited all thy days:
Why waitest thou?

	One there is who loves thee;
	O receive Him now!
	He has waited all the day:
	Why waitest thou?

Graciously He woos thee;
Do not slight His call.
Though thy sins are many,
He’ll forgive them all.
Turn to Him, repenting;
He will cleanse thee now.
He is waiting at thy heart:
Why waitest thou?

Jesus still is waiting;
Sinner, why delay?
To His arms of mercy
Rise and haste away!
Only come believing;
He will save thee now.
He is waiting at the door:
Why waitest thou?

 all and are arms as at away believing call canst cleanse come day days delay do door for forgive graciously grieve has haste he heart he’ll him his is jesus kind longer loves many mercy none not now o of one only receive reject repenting rise save sinner sins slight so still the thee them there thou though thy to trust turn waited waitest waiting who why will woos yet 

----------------------------------------

75. I’ve a Friend

I’ve a Friend who meets my every need,
Who hath joy and satisfaction brought,
One who doth my soul and spirit feed,
And who turns my tempter’s wiles to naught.

	Create in me more love for Thee;
	Thy friendship let me value more and more.
	O help me show to all below
	That I am Thine forevermore.

For His sake I chose the pilgrim way,
Fixed my heart on things that are unseen,
From the world’s allurements turned away;
Now my heart He maketh pure and clean.

Oh, this Friend is mine while life doth last;
As I near the end He’ll dearer be.
Trustingly my all on Him I cast–
Mine today and mine eternally.

Copyright: ©

 a all allurements am and are as away be below brought cast chose clean create dearer doth end eternally every feed fixed for forevermore friend friendship from hath he heart help he’ll him his i in is i’ve joy last let life love maketh me meets mine more my naught near need now o oh on one pilgrim pure sake satisfaction show soul spirit tempter’s that the thee thine things this thy to today trustingly turned turns unseen value way while who wiles world’s 

----------------------------------------

76. God in His Mercy

God in His mercy pleads with your heart,
Eagerly waiting peace to impart;
Yield to His pleading, do not gainsay:
Grave is the danger if you delay.

	No eye to pity, no arm to save;
	Moved with compassion, His life He gave,
	For your transgressions died on the tree,
	Poured out His life’s blood, lost one, for thee.

God in His mercy, moved by His love,
Sent the Redeemer down from above;
He paid the ransom none other could,
For your redemption shed His own blood.

God in His mercy bids you arise;
His invitation do not despise,
Slighting the Saviour; O soul, beware–
Satan will lure you down to despair.

God in His mercy offers you life,
Freedom from bondage, turmoil and strife;
Yield now to Jesus; let Him control;
You will find gladness, rest in your soul.

Copyright: ©

 above and arise arm beware bids blood bondage by compassion control could danger delay despair despise died do down eagerly eye find for freedom from gainsay gave gladness god grave he heart him his if impart in invitation is jesus let life life’s lost love lure mercy moved no none not now o offers on one other out own paid peace pity pleading pleads poured ransom redeemer redemption rest satan save saviour sent shed slighting soul strife the thee to transgressions tree turmoil waiting will with yield you your 

----------------------------------------

77. I Hear Him Call

My soul desires to walk with God,
Along the path His chosen trod;
I hear Him calling “Come away,”
And joyfully I now obey.

	I hear Him call, I hear Him call
	From all that would my soul enthrall;
	I haste away to walk with God,
	Along the path His chosen trod.

The world may frown; I do not fear:
He waits with words of hope and cheer,
To help me on my homeward way,
Where I shall rest at close of day.

New springs within my heart arise
While I behold His sacrifice;
My soul desires, it yearns to be,
A sacrifice, O Lord, for Thee.

Though powers of earth and hell oppose,
I rest in this– my Father knows;
His word is sure, it cannot fail:
Rejoice, my soul, thou shalt prevail!

Copyright: ©

 a all along and arise at away be behold call calling cannot cheer chosen close come day desires do earth enthrall fail father fear for from frown god haste he hear heart hell help him his homeward hope i in is it joyfully knows lord may me my new not now o obey of on oppose path powers prevail rejoice rest sacrifice shall shalt soul springs sure that the thee this thou though to trod waits walk way where while with within word words world would yearns 

----------------------------------------

78. Lead Me On

Saviour, I will gladly follow
In the way Thy feet have trod;
Other ways will end in darkness;
Thou wilt lead me home to God.

	Lead me on! O lead me on,
	In the way Thy feet have trod;
	Saviour, lead me home to God.

How I love to trace His footsteps
Over every vale and hill,
Gladly yielding full surrender
To the Father’s blessèd will.

Though I know not what awaits me,
Yet I will not shrink nor fear;
Thou shalt guide me with Thy counsel,
To my mind Thy way make clear.

Precious thought– His hand is leading,
Though ahead I cannot see;
Precious thought– His heart is planning
All that’s good and best for me.

Copyright: ©

 ahead all and awaits best blessèd cannot clear counsel darkness end every father’s fear feet follow footsteps for full gladly god good guide hand have heart hill his home how i in is know lead leading love make me mind my nor not o on other over planning precious saviour see shalt shrink surrender that’s the thou though thought thy to trace trod vale way ways what will wilt with yet yielding 

----------------------------------------

79. Hast Thou Ever Proved?

Hast thou ever proved the sweetness
Of the Saviour’s lowly way?
Or has Satan kept thee burdened,
Drifting on from day to day?

	Come, He calls thee, don’t delay–
	Soon thy life may pass away;
	After death the judgment day.

Many years of life are wasted,
Living for thyself alone;
God has power to conform thee
To the image of His Son.

Oh, how sweet to know His pathway
And to plant our feet therein!
Art thou lost and tired of straying?
’Twas thy soul He died to win.

Naught to fear while He is leading,
Though the path may narrow be;
Come and follow, without doubting;
Then His beauty thou shalt see.

Copyright: ©

 after alone and are art away be beauty burdened calls come conform day death delay died don’t doubting drifting ever fear feet follow for from god has hast he his how image is judgment kept know leading life living lost lowly many may narrow naught of oh on or our pass path pathway plant power proved satan saviour’s see shalt son soon soul straying sweet sweetness the thee then therein thou though thy thyself tired to twas wasted way while win without years 

----------------------------------------

80. Do Not Fear to Follow Jesus

Do not fear to follow Jesus:
He will lead you safely through
Every dark and dreary valley
And your failing strength renew.

	Do not fear to share His sorrow;
	When your earthly race is run,
	You will have His joy forever–
	His eternal, glad “Well done.”

Do not cease to bear the burden,
Though the strife be fierce and long;
Still enduring, God assuring,
You will sing the conqueror’s song.

Do not shrink, continue with Him;
He was wounded for your sake;
Those who share in His temptations,
Of His glory will partake.

Seek to run the race with patience
For the everlasting prize,
Gain the crown of life immortal,
In the strength that God supplies.

Copyright: ©

 and assuring be bear burden cease conqueror’s continue crown dark do done dreary earthly enduring eternal everlasting every failing fear fierce follow for forever gain glad glory god have he him his immortal in is jesus joy lead life long not of partake patience prize race renew run safely sake seek share shrink sing song sorrow still strength strife supplies temptations that the those though through to valley was well when who will with wounded you your 

----------------------------------------

81. Footprints of My Saviour

Blessèd footprints of my Saviour
Mark for me the perfect way,
As a beacon in the darkness,
Beaming with celestial ray.

	Precious footprints of my Saviour
	Are to me a priceless treasure,
	Pointing me from sinful pleasure,
	Heaven’s favour here to seek.
	Saviour, I will follow Thine own blessèd feet.

Blessèd footprints of my Saviour
Give assurance of the right,
Aid me in life’s troubled waters:
Chart and compass in the night.

Blessèd footprints of my Saviour,
Marking out a path of love,
Are to me a priceless treasure,
Leading to His home above.

May I ever prize, dear Saviour,
Each blest print of Thy bruised feet,
Ever follow where Thou leadest,
Till Thy radiant face I meet.

Copyright: ©

 a above aid and are as assurance beacon beaming blessèd blest bruised celestial chart compass darkness dear each ever face favour feet follow footprints for from give heaven’s here his home i in leadest leading life’s love mark marking may me meet my night of out own path perfect pleasure pointing precious priceless print prize radiant ray right saviour seek sinful the thine thou thy till to treasure troubled waters way where will with 

----------------------------------------

82. Come, Follow Me

I hear my dying Saviour say:
“Follow me! come, follow me!
For thee I gave my life away–
Follow me! come, follow me!
I know how heart and flesh may fail–
I’ve borne the fury of the gale;
Do thou, my child, o’er hill and dale,
Follow me! come, follow me!”

“Though thou hast sinned, I’ll pardon thee–
Follow me! come, follow me!
From chains of sin I’ll set thee free–
Follow me! come, follow me!
O look to me, dismiss thy fears,
And trust me through all coming years!
My hand shall wipe away thy tears–
Follow me! come, follow me!”

“Come, cast upon me all thy cares!
Follow me! come, follow me!
Thy heavy load mine arm upbears–
Follow me! come, follow me!
In all thy changeful life I’ll be
Thy God and Guide o’er land and sea,
Thy bliss through all eternity–
Follow me! come, follow me!”

 all and arm away be bliss borne cares cast chains changeful child come coming dale dismiss do dying eternity fail fears flesh follow for free from fury gale gave god guide hand hast hear heart heavy hill how i in i’ll i’ve know land life load look may me mine my o of o’er pardon saviour say sea set shall sin sinned tears the thee thou though through thy to trust upbears upon wipe years 

----------------------------------------

83. In This World of Woe

In this world of woe and sighing,
Broken hearts are seeking rest,
Sick of sin and faint from crying,
Longing to be healed and blest.
God in pity sees your sorrow,
Longs to give your heart relief;
Don’t despise Him lest tomorrow
Should for you mean endless grief.

	With your heart you hear Him pleading;
	Don’t resist His gentle touch:
	You can safely trust His leading,
	And you need Him, oh! so much.

All your life you’ve sought for pleasure;
Still your soul is ill at ease:
Earth with all its gilded treasure
Fails to satisfy or please.
Every day some new illusion
Seems to offer what you crave:
Thus the author of confusion
Leads men to a Christless grave.

Friend, just now your heart is tender:
You have heard the Saviour’s call.
Let Him be your soul’s defender;
Yield Him now your life, your all.
Eagerly the angels listen
For the yes that sets you free;
There where all His jewels glisten
You may dwell eternally.

Copyright: ©

 a all and angels are at author be blest broken call can christless confusion crave crying day defender despise don’t dwell eagerly earth ease endless eternally every fails faint for free friend from gentle gilded give glisten god grave grief have healed hear heard heart hearts him his ill illusion in is its jewels just leading leads lest let life listen longing longs may mean men much need new now of offer oh or pity pleading please pleasure relief resist rest safely satisfy saviour’s seeking seems sees sets should sick sighing sin so some sorrow sought soul soul’s still tender that the there this thus to tomorrow touch treasure trust what where with woe world yes yield you your you’ve 

----------------------------------------

84. Follow Me

“Follow me, follow me,”
Said the Man of Galilee.
“I will lead thee, I will feed thee,
I will be a father to thee–
Just if thou wilt follow me.”

“Follow me, follow me,
Then my rest of heart is free;
Fadeless treasure, heavenly pleasure,
I will give thee without measure–
Just if thou wilt follow me.”

“Follow me, follow me;
Oh, if men would only see!
Life so fleeting, soon the reaping:
Will it be with joy or weeping?
O my dear one, follow me.”

Follow Thee, follow Thee–
How could I reject the plea?
Thou hast sought me, Thou hast bought me,
Thou hast laid Thy hand upon me;
Saviour, I will follow Thee.

Copyright: ©

 a be bought could dear fadeless father feed fleeting follow free galilee give hand hast heart heavenly how i if is it joy just laid lead life man me measure men my o of oh one only or plea pleasure reaping reject rest said saviour see so soon sought the thee then thou thy to treasure upon weeping will wilt with without would 

----------------------------------------

85. The Saviour With Me

I must have the Saviour with me,
For I dare not walk alone;
I must feel His presence near me
And His arm around me thrown.

	Then my soul shall fear no ill,
	Let Him lead me where He will;
	I will go without a murmur
	And His footsteps follow still.

I must have the Saviour with me,
For my faith at best is weak;
He can whisper words of comfort
That no other voice can speak.

I must have the Saviour with me
In the onward march of life,
Through the tempest and the sunshine,
Through the battle and the strife.

I must have the Saviour with me,
And His eye the way must guide,
Till I reach the vale of Jordan,
Till I cross the rolling tide.

 a alone and arm around at battle best can comfort cross dare eye faith fear feel follow footsteps for go guide have he him his i ill in is jordan lead let life march me murmur must my near no not of onward other presence reach rolling saviour shall soul speak still strife sunshine tempest that the then through thrown tide till vale voice walk way weak where whisper will with without words 

----------------------------------------

86. Jesus Is Passing This Way

Is there a heart that is waiting,
Longing for pardon today?
Hear the glad message proclaiming–
Jesus is passing this way.

	Jesus is passing this way,
	This way, today;
	Jesus is passing this way,
	Is passing this way today.

Is there a heart that has wandered?
Come with thy burden today;
Mercy is tenderly pleading–
Jesus is passing this way.

Is there a heart that is broken,
Weary and sighing for rest?
Come to the arms of thy Saviour,
Pillow thy head on His breast.

Come to thine only Redeemer,
Come to His infinite love;
Come to the gate that is leading
Homeward to mansions above.

 a above and arms breast broken burden come for gate glad has head hear heart his homeward infinite is jesus leading longing love mansions mercy message of on only pardon passing pillow pleading proclaiming redeemer rest saviour sighing tenderly that the there thine this thy to today waiting wandered way weary with 

----------------------------------------

87. I Will Say Yes to Jesus

I will say yes to Jesus;
It oft was no before;
As He knocked at my heart’s proud entrance,
I firmly barred the door;
But I’ve made a complete surrender
And given Him right of way,
And henceforth it is always yes,
Whatever He may say.

	I will say yes to Jesus:
	“Yes, Lord, forever yes;
	I’ll welcome all Thy blessèd will
	And sweetly answer yes.”

I will say yes to Jesus,
To all that He commands;
I will hasten to do His bidding
With willing heart and hands.
I will listen to hear His whispers
And learn His will each day,
And always gladly answer yes,
Whatever He may say.

I will say yes to Jesus,
Whate’er His hands may bring;
And though clouds hang o’er my pathway,
My trusting heart will sing.
I will follow where’er He leads me;
My Shepherd knows the way;
And while I live I’ll answer yes,
Whatever He may say.

 a all always and answer as at barred before bidding blessèd bring but clouds commands complete day do door each entrance firmly follow forever given gladly hands hang hasten he hear heart heart’s henceforth him his i is it i’ll i’ve jesus knocked knows leads learn listen live lord made may me my no of oft o’er pathway proud right say shepherd sing surrender sweetly that the though thy to trusting was way welcome whatever whate’er where’er while whispers will willing with yes 

----------------------------------------

88. Let Him Mould Thee

“Lie still, and let Him mould thee,”
O Lord, I would obey;
Be Thou the skillful potter,
And I the yielding clay.

	Mould me, O mould me to Thy will,
	While in Thy hand I’m lying still.

In Thy dear hand I’m resting,
O hold me quiet there;
Then soften me, and mould me,
And for Thy will prepare.

I need not fear to trust Thee,
Thy love and skill are such;
New lessons Thou wilt teach me
While yielding to Thy touch.

Impress Thine image on me,
Fulfil Thy blest design,
Till others see upon me
That beauteous face of Thine.

 and are be beauteous blest clay dear design face fear for fulfil hand him hold i image impress in i’m lessons let lie lord love lying me mould need new not o obey of on others potter prepare quiet resting see skill skillful soften still such teach that the thee then there thine thou thy till to touch trust upon while will wilt would yielding 

----------------------------------------

89. Give Me Thy Heart

“Give me thy heart,” says the Father above;
No gift so precious to Him as our love.
Softly He whispers, wherever thou art,
“Gratefully trust me, and give me thy heart.”

	“Give me thy heart, give me thy heart,”
	Hear the soft whisper, wherever thou art.
	From this dark world He would draw thee apart,
	Speaking so tenderly: “Give me thy heart.”

“Give me thy heart,” says the Saviour of men,
Calling in mercy again and again,
“Turn now from sin, and from evil depart:
Have I not died for thee? Give me thy heart.”

“Give me thy heart,” says the Spirit divine,
“All that thou hast, to my keeping resign;
Grace more abounding is mine to impart:
Make full surrender, and give me thy heart.”

 abounding above again all and apart art as calling dark depart died divine draw evil father for from full gift give grace gratefully hast have he hear heart him i impart in is keeping love make me men mercy mine more my no not now of our precious resign saviour says sin so soft softly speaking spirit surrender tenderly that the thee this thou thy to trust turn wherever whisper whispers world would 

----------------------------------------

90. A Hand Held Out

There’s a hand held out in pity;
There’s a hand held out in love:
It will pilot to the city
Where our Father dwells above.

	There’s a hand held out to you;
	There’s a hand held out to me;
	There’s a hand that will prove true,
	Whatever our lot shall be.

Shall I to this hand extended
Pay no heed as it invites?
Shall my Saviour be offended?
Give I not to Him His rights?

Nay, I would this proffered hand take,
Knowing that it leads aright;
Yes, I would this loving choice make,
Trusting in His love and might.

Walking hand in hand together
With my Saviour, with my Friend,
Naught from Him my soul can sever:
Let Him lead till life shall end.

 a above and aright as be can choice city dwells end extended father friend from give hand heed held him his i in invites it knowing lead leads let life lot love loving make me might my naught nay no not offended our out pay pilot pity proffered prove rights saviour sever shall soul take that the there’s this till to together true trusting walking whatever where will with would yes you 

----------------------------------------

91. My Wayward Heart

My wayward heart the Lord has won;
His love and purpose now I see,
In sending Christ, the Light of Life,
To live for me, to live for me.

	He lived to show me how to live;
	He died to save and ransom me.
	My life, my all, to Him I give,
	His own to be, His own to be.

To sacrifice with Jesus here
And tread the suffering path He trod,
Brings joy the world can never give,
And peace with God, and peace with God.

In this dark world I need a friend
To guide and keep me day by day;
I’ll follow Jesus to the end;
He knows the way, He knows the way.

Copyright: ©

 a all and be brings by can christ dark day died end follow for friend give god guide has he heart here him his how i in i’ll jesus joy keep knows life light live lived lord love me my need never now of own path peace purpose ransom sacrifice save see sending show suffering the this to tread trod way wayward with won world 

----------------------------------------

92. God Is Longing

God is longing now to make you
Like unto His Holy One,
That you may reflect His glory
While this life’s short race you run.
Seek to keep resigned and humble
Under His almighty hand,
Patient, willing, always ready
To fulfil His least command.

Serving Him with joy and gladness,
Love pervading all your soul,
One in heart and mind and spirit,
Give Him absolute control.
He will mould and make you perfect,
Question not the Master’s skill;
Silence all your thoughts and reasonings
In subjection to His will.

Yield unmurmuring obedience,
Waver not nor turn aside:
When you waken with His likeness
You will then be satisfied.
Let Him now create unhindered,
Till His noble work is done,
And the Lord can see the image
Of His well-belovèd Son.

Copyright: ©

 absolute all almighty always and aside be belovèd can command control create done fulfil give gladness glory god hand he heart him his holy humble image in is joy keep least let life’s like likeness longing lord love make master’s may mind mould noble nor not now obedience of one patient perfect pervading question race ready reasonings reflect resigned run satisfied see seek serving short silence skill son soul spirit subjection that the then this thoughts till to turn under unhindered unmurmuring unto waken waver well when while will willing with work yield you your 

----------------------------------------

93. Only One Life to Live

I have only one life on the earth,
And as vapour it’s passing away.
I must labour for treasure of worth,
Ere all toil ends at close of the day.

	Only one life to give:
	I could never withhold that from God.
	Only one life to live:
	I must not miss the “Well done” of God.

This one life that I have I may lose,
And in losing a hundredfold gain;
Then to fall in the earth I would choose
And to die, thus God’s best to obtain.

Only one life, and white is the field–
With compassion this great need I view;
So the one life I have I will yield,
And the little I can I will do.

One poor life, small the offering at best,
Yet the world and the flesh often call.
This my answer shall be to each test:
“I’ll not serve God with less than my all.”

Copyright: ©

 a all and answer as at away be best call can choose close compassion could day die do done each earth ends ere fall field flesh for from gain give god god’s great have hundredfold i in is it’s i’ll labour less life little live lose losing may miss must my need never not obtain of offering often on one only passing poor serve shall small so test than that the then this thus to toil treasure vapour view well white will with withhold world worth would yet yield 

----------------------------------------

94. Come, Ye Weary Ones

Come, ye weary ones, to Jesus;
Come and find abiding rest;
Take His yoke and learn in meekness
That His holy will is best.

	Was there ever friend so tender,
	One so patiently to wait?
	See those hands that bear the nailprints,
	Holding open mercy’s gate.

Jesus waits, the meek and lowly,
Full of mercy, truth and grace;
His own precious blood redeemed you;
Make your heart His dwelling-place.

“Come to me, my yoke is easy,”
He entreats you as a friend;
If you miss His great salvation,
Oh, what then will be your end?

Copyright: ©

 a abiding and as be bear best blood come dwelling easy end entreats ever find friend full gate grace great hands he heart his holding holy if in is jesus learn lowly make me meek meekness mercy mercy’s miss my nailprints of oh one ones open own patiently place precious redeemed rest salvation see so take tender that the then there those to truth wait waits was weary what will ye yoke you your 

----------------------------------------

95. God Calling Yet

God calling yet! Shall I not hear?
Earth’s pleasures shall I still hold dear?
Shall life’s swift passing years all fly,
And still my soul in slumber lie?

God calling yet! And shall He knock,
And I my heart the closer lock?
He still is waiting to come in,
And shall I dare go on in sin?

God calling yet! And shall I give
No heed, but still in bondage live?
I wait, but He does not forsake;
He calls me still; my heart, awake!

God calling yet! I cannot stay;
My heart I yield without delay.
Vain world, farewell, from thee I part;
The voice of God has reached my heart.

 all and awake bondage but calling calls cannot closer come dare dear delay does earth’s farewell fly forsake from give go god has he hear heart heed hold i in is knock lie life’s live lock me my no not of on part passing pleasures reached shall sin slumber soul stay still swift the thee to vain voice wait waiting without world years yet yield 

----------------------------------------

96. Take Up Thy Cross

“Take up thy cross,” the Saviour said,
“If thou wouldst my disciple be;
Deny thyself, the world forsake,
And humbly follow after me.”

Take up thy cross– let not its weight
Fill thy weak spirit with alarm;
His strength shall bear thy spirit up
And brace thy heart and nerve thine arm.

Take up thy cross, nor heed the shame,
Nor let thy foolish pride rebel;
Thy Lord for thee the cross endured
To save thy soul from death and hell.

Take up thy cross, then, in His strength,
And calmly every danger brave;
’Twill guide thee to a better home
And lead to victory o’er the grave.

 a after alarm and arm be bear better brace brave calmly cross danger death deny disciple endured every fill follow foolish for forsake from grave guide heart heed hell his home humbly if in its lead let lord me my nerve nor not o’er pride rebel said save saviour shall shame soul spirit strength take the thee then thine thou thy thyself to twill up victory weak weight with world wouldst 

----------------------------------------

97. We Are Fading

We are fading, too, like the flowers
That but yesterday were in their bloom;
Oh, how many pass with the hours:
O’er our path falls the shadow of the tomb.

	We are passing: we shall never,
	Never tread this pilgrim way again.
	Oh! how sad to think of the many,
	Thoughtless, spending their precious lives in vain!

All our days go by like a shadow;
Soon our feet must tread the vale of death.
Joys of earth endure but a moment;
Earthly hopes fail when fails the parting breath.

In the days of youth, O remember,
Wasted years shall come again no more;
With the tides of time we are drifting;
Soon our footsteps shall reach another shore.

Through those sad, dark days, see the Saviour:
’Twas for us He trod that path of pain;
Lone and weary, silent He suffered:
Shall such love for your soul be all in vain?

Copyright: ©

 a again all and another are be bloom breath but by come dark days death drifting earth earthly endure fading fail fails falls feet flowers footsteps for go he hopes hours how in joys like lives lone love many moment more must never no o of oh our o’er pain parting pass passing path pilgrim precious reach remember sad saviour see shadow shall shore silent soon soul spending such suffered that the their think this those thoughtless through tides time to tomb too tread trod twas us vain vale wasted way we weary were when with years yesterday your youth 

----------------------------------------

98. Let Us Pause

Let us pause amid life’s pleasures,
Midst its toils and tears;
Hearken while the Master calleth
Through our doubts and fears.

	Time is fleeting, flowers are falling,
	Life will soon be past;
	Pause and ponder where thou goest:
	Time is flying fast.

While we look on mirth and beauty,
Pleasures bright today,
Men are slipping far beyond us
To the silent clay.

Borne along life’s rushing river,
We are hastening on;
Shall we hear when death shall take us,
“Soul, thou hast well done!”

Blessèd Master, O prepare us!
Help our wavering choice;
May we yield in glad surrender
To Thy pleading voice.

Copyright: ©

 along amid and are be beauty beyond blessèd borne bright calleth choice clay death done doubts falling far fast fears fleeting flowers flying glad goest hast hastening hear hearken help in is its let life life’s look master may men midst mirth o on our past pause pleading pleasures ponder prepare river rushing shall silent slipping soon soul surrender take tears the thou through thy time to today toils us voice wavering we well when where while will yield 

----------------------------------------

99. Oh, What Shall It Profit?

Life, only once we can live it–
Oh, what a great solemn thought!
Soon will our journey be over;
Soon will the battle be fought.

	Oh, what shall it profit,
	Riches and pleasures to gain?
	If your own soul is the forfeit,
	Shall it not all be in vain?

Life, as the flowers that are blooming,
Withers and passes away:
All its great glory is fleeting–
Only the joy of a day.

If you are heavily laden,
Tired of a life that is vain,
Jesus has promised to save you
If you will yield to His claim.

Will you now choose to obey Him,
Yielding yourself to His call?
This is the choice that will save you:
Making Him Lord of your all.

Copyright: ©

 a all and are as away battle be blooming call can choice choose claim day fleeting flowers forfeit fought gain glory great has heavily him his if in is it its jesus journey joy laden life live lord making not now obey of oh once only our over own passes pleasures profit promised riches save shall solemn soon soul that the this thought tired to vain we what will withers yield yielding you your yourself 

----------------------------------------

100. Passing Onward

Passing onward, quickly passing;
But, I ask thee, whither bound?
Is it to the many mansions
Where eternal rest is found?
Passing onward, passing onward,
Tell me, sinner, whither bound?

Passing onward, quickly passing;
Naught the wheels of time can stay;
Sweet the thought that some are going
To the realms of perfect day,
Passing onward, passing onward,
Christ their leader, Christ their way.

Passing onward, quickly passing;
Many on the downward road,
Careless of their souls’ salvation,
Heeding not the call of God:
Passing onward, passing onward,
Trampling on the Saviour’s blood.

Passing onward, quickly passing;
Time its course will quickly run;
Still we hear the fond entreaty
Of the ever gracious One:
“Come, and welcome, come, and welcome;
’Tis by me that life is won.”

 and are ask blood bound but by call can careless christ come course day downward entreaty eternal ever fond found god going gracious hear heeding i is it its leader life mansions many me naught not of on one onward passing perfect quickly realms rest road run salvation saviour’s sinner some souls stay still sweet tell that the thee their thought time tis to trampling way we welcome wheels where whither will won 

----------------------------------------

101. Only One Life

Only one life, and oh, how soon ’tis over!
Earth’s changing scenes appear, then fade away;
In careless ease, and seeking selfish pleasures,
So many waste their precious lives today.

Only one life– the journey soon is ended;
But what shall be the end for you and me?
Only one life– it is not ours to squander:
Its priceless treasures all are lent to thee.

Only one life, a few short years of service–
Christian, awake! no longer heedless be.
The need is great, for souls around thee perish:
Redeem the time, for God hath need of thee.

Only one life– ye servants of the Master,
Keep toiling on, though stony be the way;
The sunset side of life’s steep hill is leading
To God and home and rest and endless day.

Copyright: ©

 a all and appear are around awake away be but careless changing christian day earth’s ease end ended endless fade few for god great hath heedless hill home how in is it its journey keep leading lent life life’s lives longer many master me need no not of oh on one only ours over perish pleasures precious priceless redeem rest scenes seeking selfish servants service shall short side so soon souls squander steep stony sunset the thee their then though time tis to today toiling treasures waste way what ye years you 

----------------------------------------

102. Life at Best Is Very Brief

Life at best is very brief,
Like the falling of a leaf,
Like the binding of a sheaf:
Be in time.
Fleeting days are telling fast
That the die will soon be cast,
And the fatal line be passed:
Be in time.

	Be in time, be in time;
	While the voice of Jesus calls you,
	Be in time.
	If in sin you longer wait,
	You may find no open gate,
	And your cry be just too late–
	Be in time!

Fairest flowers soon decay,
Youth and beauty pass away,
Oh, you have not long to stay:
Be in time.
While God’s Spirit bids you come,
Sinner, do not longer roam,
Lest you seal your hopeless doom:
Be in time.

Time is gliding swiftly by,
Death and judgment drawing nigh;
To the arms of Jesus fly:
Be in time.
Oh, I pray you count the cost,
Ere the fatal line be crossed,
And your soul forever lost:
Be in time.

Sinner, heed the warning voice;
Make the Lord your final choice,
Then all heaven will rejoice:
Be in time.
Come from darkness into light;
Come, let Jesus make you right;
Come and start for heaven tonight:
Be in time.

 a all and are arms at away be beauty best bids binding brief by calls cast choice come cost count crossed cry darkness days death decay die do doom drawing ere fairest falling fast fatal final find fleeting flowers fly for forever from gate gliding god’s have heaven heed hopeless i if in into is jesus judgment just late leaf lest let life light like line long longer lord lost make may nigh no not of oh open pass passed pray rejoice right roam seal sheaf sin sinner soon soul spirit start stay swiftly telling that the then time to tonight too very voice wait warning while will you your youth 

----------------------------------------

103. Time Is Passing

Time is passing, oh, so quickly!
Days and years glide swiftly by;
Make the most of every moment,
For thou very soon must die.
Life’s short span will soon be over,
Never to return again;
Do not spend thy noble powers
On earth’s worthless treasure vain.

	Buy the gold undimmed, unchanging;
	Buy the spotless raiment white;
	Rich and clothed, with eyes anointed,
	Daily walk in God’s pure light.

Time is ever speeding onward,
Naught can stay its rapid flight;
Soon the shadows slowly creeping
Shall proclaim the coming night.
O arise, be up and doing,
Labour now while it is day,
Seeking those eternal riches
Moth and rust cannot decay.

God is anxious to conform thee
To the image of His Son;
Fear lest thou shouldst grieve His Spirit,
Mar the work He has begun.
God’s own precious truth is Jesus:
Sit in silence at His feet;
Learn of Him, the meek and lowly,
Then thy soul-rest shall be sweet.

Copyright: ©

 again and anointed anxious arise at be begun buy by can cannot clothed coming conform creeping daily day days decay die do doing earth’s eternal ever every eyes fear feet flight for glide god god’s gold grieve has he him his image in is it its jesus labour learn lest life’s light lowly make mar meek moment most moth must naught never night noble not now o of oh on onward over own passing powers precious proclaim pure quickly raiment rapid rest return rich riches rust seeking shadows shall short shouldst silence sit slowly so son soon soul span speeding spend spirit spotless stay sweet swiftly the thee then those thou thy time to treasure truth unchanging undimmed up vain very walk while white will with work worthless years 

----------------------------------------

104. Life Passes Like a Dream

Life passes like a dream,
But earnest is each day.
Though we secure and safe may seem,
Time carries us away.

	Life is fleeting fast;
	Time bears us away.
	Millions more this way have passed,
	But none are here to stay.

The cord of life may snap
For young as well as old.
By accident or some mishap,
Oft fall the strong and bold.

Oh, should we careless be
And slumber without fear,
Closing our eyes to things we see
And deaf to all we hear?

God doth in kindness try
To rouse us every one;
For time is earnest, passing by,
And soon the end will come.

Copyright: ©

 a accident all and are as away be bears bold but by careless carries closing come cord day deaf doth dream each earnest end every eyes fall fast fear fleeting for god have hear here in is kindness life like may millions mishap more none of oft oh old one or our passed passes passing rouse safe secure see seem should slumber snap some soon stay strong the things this though time to try us way we well will without young 

----------------------------------------

105. Life’s Short Day

Sweet to know the gospel story,
Heavenly song unto my soul;
I will sing His praise forever
For His love that made me whole.

	Life’s short day will soon be over;
	Then we’ll see the One we love–
	Fellowship divine forever
	In the Father’s home above.

When dark clouds your path o’ershadow,
Look again to Calvary;
God’s own Son so gladly suffered,
Bled and died for you and me.

Could we chance to do tomorrow
What the Lord has planned today?
For we cannot buy nor borrow
When this life has sped away.

On that day the books will open;
Then we’ll know as we are known.
Though on earth we walk together,
We must face the Lord alone.

Copyright: ©

 above again alone and are as away be bled books borrow buy calvary cannot chance clouds could dark day died divine do earth face father’s fellowship for forever gladly god’s gospel has heavenly his home i in know known life life’s look lord love made me must my nor on one open over own o’ershadow path planned praise see short sing so son song soon soul sped story suffered sweet that the then this though to today together tomorrow unto walk we we’ll what when whole will you your 

----------------------------------------

106. The Pages of Life

While the pages of life are turning
And silently pass from our view,
Let us pause at the feet of the Saviour
For His counsel so loving and true.

	If only we knew as when life is through,
	No one would weary His bidding to do;
	None would despise the heavenly prize
	Waiting for me and for you.

Every step is just one step nearer
To the end of life’s journey for me:
As I ponder this thought, I’m reminded
We are bound for eternity.

In the valley of hesitation,
Countless millions have lingered and died,
When the cost seemed too great for salvation,
And too lowly His way for their pride.

Every day is just one day nearer
When the King in His beauty we’ll see;
In His hand He is holding the sceptre,
With a welcome for all who believe.

Copyright: ©

 a all and are as at beauty believe bidding bound cost counsel countless day despise died do end eternity every feet for from great hand have he heavenly hesitation his holding i if in is i’m journey just king knew let life life’s lingered loving lowly me millions nearer no none of one only our pages pass pause ponder pride prize reminded salvation saviour sceptre see seemed silently so step the their this thought through to too true turning us valley view waiting way we weary welcome we’ll when while who with would you 

----------------------------------------

107. My Heart Was Sad

My heart was sad and weary–
I had no rest within
And wandered on in darkness,
Still deeper into sin:
Iniquity had bound me,
And all was dark as night;
In bitterness of spirit,
I longed for peace and light.

	I’m glad I met with Jesus–
	He bid my sins depart;
	He came with joy and gladness
	To dwell within my heart.

I sought earth’s fading treasures,
Some lasting joy to gain;
Its pleasures disappointed–
I found them void and vain;
Life seemed to be a failure:
The joys it could impart
Left but remorse and sadness
And sorrow in my heart.

The darkness seemed to deepen;
No light, no hope was nigh,
When, lo! I heard the Saviour,
Who then was passing by.
In kindly tones He whispered,
“O soul, I died for thee,
And bore in my own body
Thy sins upon the tree.”

Copyright: ©

 a all and as be bid bitterness body bore bound but by came could dark darkness deepen deeper depart died disappointed dwell earth’s fading failure for found gain glad gladness had he heard heart hope i impart in iniquity into it its i’m jesus joy joys kindly lasting left life light lo longed me met my nigh night no o of on own passing peace pleasures remorse rest sad sadness saviour seemed sin sins some sorrow sought soul spirit still the thee them then thy to tones treasures tree upon vain void wandered was weary when whispered who with within 

----------------------------------------

108. It Pays to Serve Jesus

It pays to serve Jesus– I speak from my heart;
He’ll always be with us if we do our part.
There’s naught in this wide world can pleasure afford;
There’s peace and contentment in serving the Lord.

It pays to lay treasure where rust cannot harm,
Secure in the heavens, no need for alarm,
Where thieves cannot enter to plunder the store;
In Jesus there’s safety now and evermore.

It pays to serve Jesus, to sacrifice all,
To spend and be spent here, whatever befall,
To live for the things that bring joy to the heart
Of Jesus, our Saviour, as we do our part.

It pays to die daily, to let God control
The life He has given, redeeming the soul;
For soon we shall meet Him: then what shall it be?
Oh, will we be ready our Saviour to see?

Copyright: ©

 afford alarm all always and as be befall bring can cannot contentment control daily die do enter evermore for from given god harm has he heart heavens here he’ll him i if in it jesus joy lay let life live lord meet my naught need no now of oh our part pays peace pleasure plunder ready redeeming rust sacrifice safety saviour secure see serve serving shall soon soul speak spend spent store that the then there’s thieves things this to treasure us we what whatever where wide will with world 

----------------------------------------

109. None but Christ Can Satisfy

O Christ, in Thee my soul hath found,
And found in Thee alone,
The peace, the joy I sought so long,
The bliss till now unknown.

	Now none but Christ can satisfy;
	None other name for me;
	There’s love and life and lasting joy,
	Lord Jesus, found in Thee.

I sighed for rest and happiness;
I yearned for them, not Thee;
But while I passed my Saviour by,
His love laid hold on me.

I tried the broken cisterns, Lord,
But, ah! the waters failed!
E’en as I stooped to drink they fled,
And still my thirst prevailed!

The pleasures lost I sadly mourned,
But never wept for Thee,
Till grace the sightless eyes received,
Thy loveliness to see.

 ah alone and as bliss broken but by can christ cisterns drink eyes e’en failed fled for found grace happiness hath his hold i in jesus joy laid lasting life long lord lost love loveliness me mourned my name never none not now o on other passed peace pleasures prevailed received rest sadly satisfy saviour see sighed sightless so sought soul still stooped the thee them there’s they thirst thy till to tried unknown waters wept while yearned 

----------------------------------------

110. Afar From God

Afar from God, sin’s cruel blight
Consumed my life away;
Far, far I wandered in the night
From home and light of day.

	Jesus Himself in love drew nigh,
	Whispered, “I left my home on high,
	And ’twas for thee I came to die:
	O sinner, come to me.”

Crushed neath my load of sin, I wept
And wondered, “Can it be,
Poor and a captive, there is yet
Pardon and hope for me?”

His kindly touch my soul then healed,
And through a mist of tears
His tender look deep love revealed,
Dispelling all my fears.

In Him I find abiding rest;
He’s more than life to me.
Friend, wilt thou come? Thou shalt be blest;
Jesus is calling thee.

Copyright: ©

 a abiding afar all and away be blest blight calling came can captive come consumed cruel crushed day deep die dispelling drew far fears find for friend from god healed he’s high him himself his home hope i in is it jesus kindly left life light load look love me mist more my neath nigh night o of on pardon poor rest revealed shalt sin sinner sin’s soul tears tender than the thee then there thou through to touch twas wandered wept whispered wilt wondered yet 

----------------------------------------

111. Lay Down Your Burden

Lay down your heavy burden,
O weary, sinsick soul;
Come to the Great Physician,
And He will make you whole.
The Master’s voice is calling;
He shed His precious blood
That you might be forgiven,
Bringing you nigh to God.

	Lay down your heavy burden,
	O weary, sinsick soul;
	Come to the Great Physician,
	And He will make you whole.

Come to your soul’s Redeemer;
His holy life He gave
That you might share His glory
Beyond the cold, dark grave.
Heed not the wily tempter,
Who bids you fear and doubt;
Come now and trust in Jesus–
He will not cast you out.

Peace past all understanding
Will fill your heart and life;
His joy and consolation
Will banish sin and strife.
His voice so sweet and tender,
So full of love and grace,
Entreats you, “Come, and welcome
And find a hiding place.”

The night of death is coming;
Soon you must stand alone,
Your sins still unforgiven,
Before the great white throne.
Do not reject the Saviour
Until the die is cast,
Your life’s short day is ended,
And you are lost at last.

Copyright: ©

 a all alone and are at banish be before beyond bids blood bringing burden calling cast cold come coming consolation dark day death die do doubt down ended entreats fear fill find forgiven full gave glory god grace grave great he heart heavy heed hiding his holy in is jesus joy last lay life life’s lost love make master’s might must nigh night not now o of out past peace physician place precious redeemer reject saviour share shed short sin sins sinsick so soon soul soul’s stand still strife sweet tempter tender that the throne to trust understanding unforgiven until voice weary welcome white who whole will wily you your 

----------------------------------------

112. I Heard the Voice of Jesus

I heard the voice of Jesus say,
“Come unto me and rest;
Lay down, thou weary one, lay down
Thy head upon my breast.”
I came to Jesus as I was– So weary, worn and sad;
I found in Him a resting place,
And He has made me glad.

I heard the voice of Jesus say,
“Behold I freely give
The living water– thirsty one,
Stoop down and drink and live.”
I came to Jesus, and I drank
Of that life-giving stream;
My thirst was quenched, my soul revived,
And now I live in Him.

I heard the voice of Jesus say,
“I am this dark world’s light;
Look unto me, thy morn shall rise
And all thy day be bright.”
I looked to Jesus, and I found
In Him my Star, my Sun;
And in that Light of Life I’ll walk
Till travelling days are done.

 a all am and are as be behold breast bright came come dark day days done down drank drink found freely give giving glad has he head heard him i in i’ll jesus lay life light live living look looked made me morn my now of one place quenched rest resting revived rise sad say shall so soul star stoop stream sun that the thirst thirsty this thou thy till to travelling unto upon voice walk was water weary world’s worn 

----------------------------------------

113. For You and for Me

Softly and tenderly Jesus is calling–
Calling for you and for me.
See, on the portals He’s waiting and watching,
Watching for you and for me.

	“Come home, come home,
	Ye who are weary, come home”;
	Earnestly, tenderly, Jesus is calling,
	Calling, “O sinner, come home!”

Why should we tarry when Jesus is pleading–
Pleading for you and for me?
Why should we linger and heed not His mercies,
Mercies for you and for me?

Time is now fleeting, the moments are passing–
Passing from you and from me.
Shadows are gathering, night is soon coming,
Coming for you and for me.

Oh, for the wonderful love He has promised–
Promised for you and for me.
Though we have sinned, He has mercy and pardon,
Pardon for you and for me.

 and are calling come coming earnestly fleeting for from gathering has have he heed he’s his home is jesus linger love me mercies mercy moments night not now o oh on pardon passing pleading portals promised see shadows should sinned sinner softly soon tarry tenderly the though time waiting watching we weary when who why wonderful ye you 

----------------------------------------

114. I Am Coming

The voice of Jesus calls me now;
I fain would rise and go
To dwell with Him in perfect peace
And His forgiveness know.

	I am coming, heavy laden,
	Wearied and oppressed:
	O receive me, though unworthy,
	To Thy promised rest.

My troubled spirit knows no calm;
Why should I wander on
And add to sorrow’s heavy load,
Until this life is gone?

Abounding grace He has in store
To comfort, save and guide,
And pastures ever fresh and green
Where silent waters glide.

“O come,” I hear Him calling still,
In tender tones and sweet,
“The rest that is eternal rest
Awaits thy wandering feet.”

Copyright: ©

 abounding add am and awaits calling calls calm come comfort coming dwell eternal ever fain feet forgiveness fresh glide go gone grace green guide has he hear heavy him his i in is jesus know knows laden life load me my no now o of on oppressed pastures peace perfect promised receive rest rise save should silent sorrow’s spirit still store sweet tender that the this though thy to tones troubled until unworthy voice wander wandering waters wearied where why with would 

----------------------------------------

115. Other Sheep

“Other sheep I have that wander
In the world so dark and cold;
To my love they still are strangers,
For they are not of this fold.
On the mountain bleak and dreary,
By the crags where shadows lie,
From the valley, in the evening,
I have heard their plaintive cry.”

	“O my sheep, why wander
	In the path of danger?”
	Hear the gentle Shepherd calling,
	“I will bring thee home.”

“Far they scatter o’er the desert,
In the wilderness they roam;
I must hasten out to find them
And to bring them safely home.
On my shoulders I will bear them
And the lambs fold to my breast,
And the feet that are so weary
I will gently lead to rest.”

“They shall hear my voice and follow
Out where verdant pastures grow,
And at noonday I will guide them
Where the quiet waters flow.
Though I lead through vale and shadow,
They shall follow without fear;
For my words will reassure them,
And they’ll know that I am near.”

Copyright: ©

 am and are at bear bleak breast bring by calling cold crags cry danger dark desert dreary evening far fear feet find flow fold follow for from gentle gently grow guide hasten have hear heard home i in know lambs lead lie love mountain must my near noonday not o of on other out o’er pastures path plaintive quiet reassure rest roam safely scatter shadow shadows shall sheep shepherd shoulders so still strangers that the thee their them they they’ll this though through to vale valley verdant voice wander waters weary where why wilderness will without words world 

----------------------------------------

116. There Is Rest

The voice of the Shepherd is calling for thee;
He offers thee riches untold.
Why wander alone o’er the mountains of sin?
There is rest, there is peace in the fold.

	There is rest, there is peace;
	There is rest, there is peace in the fold.

The pleasures of sin very soon pass away;
They last for a season, we’re told.
The gold of the Kingdom will never decay;
Will you come, will you come to the fold?

The voice of the Shepherd is calling again;
Why perish with hunger and cold?
There’s bread and to spare, and no famine is there;
Enter in, enter into the fold.

Copyright: ©

 a again alone and away bread calling cold come decay enter famine fold for gold he hunger in into is kingdom last mountains never no of offers o’er pass peace perish pleasures rest riches season shepherd sin soon spare the thee there there’s they to told untold very voice wander we’re why will with you 

----------------------------------------

117. Distant Land of Famine

In the distant land of famine,
Craving with the swine to feed,
Oh! how bitter that awakening
To my sin and shame and need!
Dark and dreary all around me–
Now no more by sin beguiled,
I will go and seek my Father,
Be a bondsman, not a child.

	But within His home He led me,
	Brought me where the feast was spread,
	Made me eat with Him, my Father–
	Me, who begged for bondsman’s bread.

Yet a great way off He saw me,
Ran to kiss me as I came;
As I was, my Father loved me,
Loved me in my sin and shame.
Then in bitter grief I told Him
Of the evil I had done:
Sinned in scorn of Him, my Father,
Was not meet to be His son.

But I knew not if He listened,
For He spake not of my sin;
He within His house would have me,
Made me meet to enter in:
From the riches of His glory
Brought His costliest raiment forth,
Brought the ring that sealed His purpose,
Shoes to walk within His courts.

 a all and around as awakening be begged beguiled bitter bondsman bondsman’s bread brought but by came child costliest courts craving dark distant done dreary eat enter evil famine father feast feed for forth from glory go great grief had have he him his home house how i if in kiss knew land led listened loved made me meet more my need no not now of off oh purpose raiment ran riches ring saw scorn sealed seek shame shoes sin sinned son spake spread swine that the then to told walk was way where who will with within would yet 

----------------------------------------

118. Ye Must Be Born Again

A ruler once came to Jesus by night,
To ask Him the way of salvation and light;
The Master made answer in words true and plain,
“Ye must be born again.”

	“Ye must be born again!
	Ye must be born again!
	I verily, verily say unto you–
	Ye must be born again!”

Ye children of men, attend to the word
So solemnly uttered by Jesus, the Lord;
And let not this message to you be in vain:
“Ye must be born again.”

O ye who would enter the glorious rest
And sing with the ransomed the song of the blest,
The life everlasting if ye would obtain,
“Ye must be born again.”

 a again and answer ask attend be blest born by came children enter everlasting glorious him i if in jesus let life light lord made master men message must night not o obtain of once plain ransomed rest ruler salvation say sing so solemnly song the this to true unto uttered vain verily way who with word words would ye you 

----------------------------------------

119. O Wanderers, Come to Jesus

O wanderers, come to Jesus;
All other trust is vain.
Your every hope must fail you,
Unless you’re born again.
You need the cleansing fountain
To purge your heart within
And purify your conscience
From all the stains of sin.

You need to come to Jesus
And find in Him your rest,
Confiding in His goodness,
Reclining on His breast.
You need the voice of Jesus
To whisper “Go in peace,”
To calm the inward tempest
And bid the conflict cease.

You need the power of Jesus
To keep you day by day,
To guard amid temptations
And be your strength and stay.
You need the love of Jesus;
You need this faithful Friend
To cheer you and to bless you
And guide you to the end.

Then will you come to Jesus
In spite of fear and doubt?
He’s waiting now to save you
And will not cast you out.
If but, in true repentance,
Before the Lord you bow,
He’ll give you free forgiveness
And His salvation now.

 again all amid and be before bid bless born bow breast but by calm cast cease cheer cleansing come confiding conflict conscience day doubt end every fail faithful fear find forgiveness fountain free friend from give go goodness guard guide heart he’ll he’s him his hope if in inward is jesus keep lord love must need not now o of on other out peace power purge purify reclining repentance rest salvation save sin spite stains stay strength tempest temptations the then this to true trust unless vain voice waiting wanderers whisper will within you your you’re 

----------------------------------------

120. While Your Mind Is Calm

While your mind is calm and quiet,
Hear the Saviour’s still, small voice;
He is anxious now to save you,
And in patience waits your choice
To surrender all unto Him,
Keeping naught from His control;
Such a heart-choice will bring gladness
And His rest unto your soul.

As God’s Spirit seeks to draw you
To His meek and lowly Son,
Gladly take His yoke upon you,
Learn of Him till life is done.
Do not strive with your Creator!
To resist Him means this cost:
You will miss His great salvation
And be numbered with the lost.

To reject or else accept Him–
God gives everyone this choice;
Well He knows the wise will serve Him,
And His sheep will heed His voice.
He will give them life eternal,
Keep them, so they need not fall;
Oh, what bliss to have salvation!
Yield, friend, yield, lest you miss all.

 a accept all and anxious as be bliss bring calm choice control cost creator do done draw else eternal everyone fall friend from give gives gladly gladness god god’s great have he hear heart heed him his in is keep keeping knows learn lest life lost lowly means meek mind miss naught need not now numbered of oh or patience quiet reject resist rest salvation save saviour’s seeks serve sheep small so son soul spirit still strive such surrender take the them they this till to unto upon voice waits well what while will wise with yield yoke you your 

----------------------------------------

121. The Saviour Is Calling

He is calling you home; will you hearken to Him?
You are straying afar from the fold,
To the river of death, with no hope in your heart–
Its waters lie sullen and cold.

	The Saviour is calling you home;
	A welcome is waiting you there.
	He laid down His life your soul to redeem
	And save you from hopeless despair.

There are dangers untold in the path you now tread,
With no hope of escape for your soul;
Then, O turn while you may, and give ear to His voice!
Come under the Shepherd’s control.

He will lift all the gloom which is shrouding your life,
Growing darker each step as you go;
All the guilt of the past He will freely forgive;
His infinite love you will know.

To His comfort and rest, then, O hasten away!
Lose no time, lest your soul should be lost.
With no Christ in your heart, drifting on to your doom,
O say, have you counted the cost?

Copyright: ©

 a afar all and are as away be calling christ cold come comfort control cost counted dangers darker death despair doom down drifting each ear escape fold for forgive freely from give gloom go growing guilt hasten have he hearken heart him his home hope hopeless in infinite is its know laid lest lie life lift lose lost love may no now o of on past path redeem rest river save saviour say shepherd’s should shrouding soul step straying sullen the then there time to tread turn under untold voice waiting waters welcome which while will with you your 

----------------------------------------

122. O Hasten to Jesus

O hasten to Jesus
While He is so near;
Away with your doubtings!
Away with your fear!
His kind invitation,
I pray you, don’t slight;
Wait not till the morrow;
O come, come tonight.

See, Jesus is waiting;
He reasons with you:
Your soul is in danger;
Oh! what will you do?
Death! death is approaching;
How sad is your plight!
While Jesus is calling,
O come, come tonight.

Heed not the delusion
That some other day
You’ll come to the Saviour
And walk in His way.
While mercy is offered
And God gives you light,
O yield to His Spirit,
And come, come tonight.

Copyright: ©

 and approaching away calling come danger day death delusion do don’t doubtings fear gives god hasten he heed his how i in invitation is jesus kind light mercy morrow near not o offered oh other plight pray reasons sad saviour see slight so some soul spirit that the till to tonight wait waiting walk way what while will with yield you your you’ll 

----------------------------------------

123. Thirsty Soul

Dost thou seek in life’s fair morning,
Pleasures from the springs of earth?
Is thy heart not weary, drinking
Waters from the wells of mirth?
Earthly joys have but their season
And are mingled with much pain;
Drink, O youth, of living water–
Thou shalt never thirst again.

	Thirsty soul, thy Saviour calls thee
	From earth’s pleasures that are vain;
	He will give thee living water–
	Thou shalt never thirst again.

Dost thou, as Samaria’s daughter,
Wearily at heat of noon,
Seek those waters that will fail thee,
Leaving thee to thirst so soon?
While the Lord, so kindly waiting,
Tells of joys that are not vain,
He will give thee living water–
Thou shalt never thirst again.

In life’s evening midst the shadows,
As the shades of night hang low,
Dost thou seek, while time is fleeting,
Wells from which thou soon must go?
Hark! the Saviour gently calls thee;
Life eternal thou shalt gain;
Hear Him whisper, “I will save thee”–
Thou shalt never thirst again.

Copyright: ©

 again and are as at but calls daughter dost drink drinking earth earthly earth’s eternal evening fail fair fleeting from gain gently give go hang hark have he hear heart heat him i in is joys kindly leaving life life’s living lord low midst mingled mirth morning much must never night noon not o of pain pleasures samaria’s save saviour season seek shades shadows shalt so soon soul springs tells that the thee their thirst thirsty those thou thy time to vain waiting water waters wearily weary wells which while whisper will with youth 

----------------------------------------

124. I Need Thee Every Hour

I need Thee every hour,
Most gracious Lord:
No tender voice like Thine
Can peace afford.

	I need Thee, O I need Thee;
	Every hour I need Thee!
	O bless me now, my Saviour,
	I come to Thee!

I need Thee every hour;
Stay Thou nearby:
Temptations lose their power
When Thou art nigh.

I need Thee every hour,
In joy or pain;
Come quickly and abide,
Or life is vain.

I need Thee every hour;
Teach me Thy will,
And Thy rich promises
In me fulfil.

I need Thee every hour,
Most Holy One;
O make me Thine indeed,
Thou blessèd Son!

 abide afford and art bless blessèd can come every fulfil gracious holy hour i in indeed is joy life like lord lose make me most my nearby need nigh no now o one or pain peace power promises quickly rich saviour son stay teach temptations tender thee their thine thou thy to vain voice when will 

----------------------------------------

125. Nearer, Still Nearer

Nearer, still nearer, close to Thy heart,
Draw me, my Saviour– so precious Thou art;
Fold me, O fold me close to Thy breast;
:: Shelter me safe in that “Haven of Rest.” ::

Nearer, still nearer, nothing I bring,
Naught as an offering to Jesus my King:
Only my sinful, now contrite heart;
:: Grant me the cleansing Thy blood doth impart. ::

Nearer, still nearer, Lord, to be Thine;
Sin, with its follies, I gladly resign–
All of its pleasures, pomp and its pride;
:: Give me but Jesus, my Lord crucified. ::

Nearer, still nearer, while life shall last,
Till all its struggles and trials are past;
Then through eternity, ever I’ll be
:: Nearer, my Saviour, still nearer to Thee. ::

 all an and are art as be blood breast bring but cleansing close contrite crucified doth draw eternity ever fold follies give gladly grant haven heart i impart in its i’ll jesus king last life lord me my naught nearer nothing now o of offering only past pleasures pomp precious pride resign rest safe saviour shall shelter sin sinful so still struggles that the thee then thine thou through thy till to trials while with 

----------------------------------------

126. Kindly Entreating

Kindly entreating, “Come unto me,”
Jesus the Saviour is speaking to thee,
Earnestly saying, “Do not delay;
:: Flee from destruction, escape while you may.” ::

Kindly entreating, “Come unto me:
Glory immortal your portion shall be.”
Shame and dishonour wait those who stray
:: Far from the Saviour on ruin’s dark way. ::

Kindly entreating, hear Him once more;
Soon you’ll be stranded on sin’s treacherous shore.
Angels are waiting; do you not care
:: That you are drifting to endless despair? ::

Kindly entreating “Come unto me.”
Aimlessly drifting on life’s restless sea,
No hope, no refuge, where will you end?
:: Hasten to Jesus, your Saviour and Friend. ::

Copyright: ©

 aimlessly and angels are be care come dark delay despair destruction dishonour do drifting earnestly end endless entreating escape far flee friend from glory hasten hear him hope immortal is jesus kindly life’s may me more no not on once portion refuge restless ruin’s saviour saying sea shall shame shore sin’s soon speaking stranded stray that the thee those to treacherous unto wait waiting way where while who will you your you’ll 

----------------------------------------

127. Hear the Voice of Jesus

Hear the voice of Jesus calling,
Soul so weary worn;
He for you has lived and suffered,
He the cross has borne.

	Hear Him, hear Him;
	Do not turn away;
	Yield your heart and life to Jesus–
	Trust Him and obey.

To the spring of worldly pleasure
You have often turned,
Hoping there to quench the thirsting
In your heart that burned.

Why should you refuse to hear Him,
Jesus, truest friend?
In the world He will be with you,
Keep you to the end.

If you yield your heart to Jesus,
Turning from all sin,
He will seal you by His Spirit–
He will dwell within.

Copyright: ©

 all and away be borne burned by calling cross do dwell end for friend from has have he hear heart him his hoping if in jesus keep life lived not obey of often pleasure quench refuse seal should sin so soul spirit spring suffered that the there thirsting to truest trust turn turned turning voice weary why will with within world worldly worn yield you your 

----------------------------------------

128. We Are Building

We are building in sorrow and building in joy,
A temple the world may not see;
But we know it will stand if we found it on a rock,
Through the ages of eternity.

	We are building day by day,
	As the moments glide away,
	Our temple which the world may not see;
	Every victory won by grace
	Will be sure to find its place
	In our building for eternity.

Every deed forms a part in this building of ours
That is done in the name of the Lord;
For the love that we show and the kindness we bestow,
He has promised us a bright reward.

Then be watchful and wise, let the temple we rear
Be one that no tempest can shock;
For the Master has said, and He taught us in His word,
We must build upon the solid rock.

 a ages and are as away be bestow bright build building but by can day deed done eternity every find for forms found glide grace has he his if in is it its joy kindness know let lord love master may moments must name no not of on one our ours part place promised rear reward rock said see shock show solid sorrow stand sure taught tempest temple that the then this through to upon us victory watchful we which will wise won word world 

----------------------------------------

129. When the Saviour Calls

When the Saviour calls, will we ready be?
Will we answer, “Lord, I have lived for Thee”?
Will we hear from Him the words, “Well done!
Enter into rest, thou faithful one”?

Are we building now on the solid rock
A house that the tempest can never shock?
That will stand secure forevermore,
When we all have crossed to the other shore?

Are we building now on the drifting sand
A house that can never the storm withstand?
Sad will be our end if thus we build;
At last with grief we will be filled.

Let us therefore build as the Master said:
Let us take the Lord as our only Head,
And follow Him, though the world may sneer;
If we build on the rock, we need not fear.

Copyright: ©

 a all and answer are as at be build building calls can crossed done drifting end enter faithful fear filled follow for forevermore from grief have head hear him house i if into last let lived lord master may need never not now on one only other our ready rest rock sad said sand saviour secure shock shore sneer solid stand storm take tempest that the thee therefore thou though thus to us we well when will with withstand words world 

----------------------------------------

130. Teach Me How to Choose

Lord Jesus, teach me how to choose–
A thousand choices bar my way;
I see in each a destiny,
So help me wisely choose, I pray.
Thy choices all in youth were made,
And everything that tempteth me,
A hundredfold on Thee was laid;
Why should I then not come to Thee?

	Lord Jesus, teach me how to choose;
	Talk Thou with me these choices o’er.
	Then let me choose as I would choose
	When time and seasons are no more.

Lord Jesus, teach me how to choose,
For I am but a little child
Within a world of mystery,
With death and darkness surging wild.
The many standards earth has set,
The joy it offers warily,
Thou didst not touch; I’d be like Thee,
O Noble Youth of Galilee.

Lord Jesus, teach me how to choose;
I’m glad that Thou dost understand
The struggle of the youthful heart,
The snares that lie on every hand.
And though I do not grasp it now,
I’ll better know when life is done,
Why Thou didst point the hardest path,
Asked me the straitest course to run.

Copyright: ©

 a all am and are as asked bar be better but child choices choose come course darkness death destiny didst do done dost each earth every everything for galilee glad grasp hand hardest has heart help how hundredfold i in is it i’d i’ll i’m jesus joy know laid let lie life like little lord made many me more my mystery no noble not now o of offers on o’er path point pray run seasons see set should snares so standards straitest struggle surging talk teach tempteth that the thee then these thou though thousand thy time to touch understand warily was way were when why wild wisely with within world would youth youthful 

----------------------------------------

131. Jesus Calls Me

Jesus calls me– I am going;
Do not seek my feet to stay;
Yearns my soul to rise and follow–
Cease, vain world, to lure away.

	For His sake reproach esteeming
	More than earth’s vain show and pomp;
	He is calling– I am going
	Forth to Him outside the camp.

Jesus calls me– I am going;
His assuring voice I hear,
Thrilling all my soul with rapture,
Chasing all my doubt and fear.

Jesus calls me– I am going
Out to bear reproach with Him;
Light of life now beams around me,
Light which naught on earth can dim.

He is calling– rise, be going;
Slumber not, but trim your lamp;
With the oil within your vessel,
Follow Him outside the camp.

Copyright: ©

 all am and around assuring away be beams bear but calling calls camp can cease chasing dim do doubt earth earth’s esteeming fear feet follow for forth going he hear him his i is jesus lamp life light lure me more my naught not now of oil on out outside pomp rapture reproach rise sake seek show slumber soul stay than the thrilling to trim vain vessel voice which with within world yearns your 

----------------------------------------

132. I Have Made My Choice

I have made my choice forever–
I will walk with Christ my Lord;
Naught from Him my soul can sever
While I’m trusting in His word.
I the lowly way have taken,
Rough and toilsome though it be;
And although despised, forsaken,
Jesus, I’ll go through with Thee.

	Oh! ’tis Jesus guides my footsteps;
	He has made my heart His home,
	And I would not dare to journey
	Through this wide, wide world alone.

Though the garden lie before me,
And the scornful judgment hall,
Though the gloom of deepest midnight
Settle round me like a pall,
Darkness can affright me never:
From Thy presence shadows flee;
And if Thou wilt guide me ever,
Jesus, I’ll go through with Thee.

Though the earth may rock and tremble,
Though the sun may hide its face,
Though my foes be strong and ruthless,
Still I dare to trust Thy grace.
Though the cross my path o’ershadow,
Thou didst bear it once for me;
And whate’er the pain and peril,
Jesus, I’ll go through with Thee.

 a affright alone although and be bear before can choice christ cross dare darkness deepest despised didst earth ever face flee foes footsteps for forever forsaken from garden gloom go grace guide guides hall has have he heart hide him his home i if in it its i’ll i’m jesus journey judgment lie like lord lowly made may me midnight my naught never not of oh once o’ershadow pain pall path peril presence rock rough round ruthless scornful settle sever shadows soul still strong sun taken the thee this thou though through thy tis to toilsome tremble trust trusting walk way whate’er while wide will wilt with word world would 

----------------------------------------

133. Why Not?

Sometimes you sit and ponder
Over your life so vain,
Knowing the God who gave, will
Someday require it again.

	Why not? Why not
	Yield all to Him who can bless you?
	Come while you may,
	Seek His face today;
	His love and life will possess you.

Sometime you plan to serve Him,
But Satan holds you fast;
Pleasure and gain enthrall you;
Soon will your life be past.

God loves and longs to save you;
His power can set you free,
Making you strong to serve Him,
Whate’er your lot may be.

Speak now no more of sometime–
Enter His service now;
With pardon, peace and power,
God will your life endow.

Copyright: ©

 again all and be bless but can come endow enter enthrall face fast free gain gave god him his holds it knowing life longs lot love loves making may more no not now of over pardon past peace plan pleasure ponder possess power require satan save seek serve service set sit so someday sometime sometimes soon speak strong the to today vain whate’er while who why will with yield you your 

----------------------------------------

134. God in Tender Love

God in tender love sent His only Son
To redeem and set you free;
O receive Him now, and you shall rejoice
In His light and liberty.

	He is waiting, waiting patiently;
	Do not bid your Lord depart.
	He is longing, longing, oh, so earnestly,
	To possess your willing heart.

He will give you life and a living hope
That forever will endure:
Those who come to Him will not be deceived,
For His promises are sure.

Do not close your heart to the Son of God,
Since He died your soul to win,
Shed His precious blood that you might be saved
From the guilt and power of sin.

O be reconciled to your dearest friend:
He was smitten for your sake.
Let Him enter in: you will know His peace
And the joys of heaven partake.

Copyright: ©

 a and are be bid blood close come dearest deceived depart died do earnestly endure enter for forever free friend from give god guilt he heart heaven him his hope in is joys know let liberty life light living longing lord love might not now o of oh only partake patiently peace possess power precious promises receive reconciled redeem rejoice sake saved sent set shall shed sin since smitten so son soul sure tender that the those to waiting was who will willing win you your 

----------------------------------------

135. God Will Bring

God will bring you into judgment;
Do not let the world deceive!
Hear the voice of wisdom calling;
Come to Christ, on Him believe.
All your past will be forgiven;
Jesus now is waiting here;
Stifle not the voice of conscience;
Do not turn away your ear.

God will bring you into judgment
When your days on earth are o’er;
Life for you is swiftly passing
And returneth nevermore.
Do not waste the precious moments;
Hearken to the Saviour’s voice;
Come and find in Him a refuge;
He is waiting for your choice.

God will bring you into judgment;
You cannot escape the day
When you shall appear before Him–
Him, whose love you cast away.
You may seal your doom forever
If you still go on in sin;
Open is the door of mercy;
Hasten now and enter in.

Copyright: ©

 a all and appear are away be before believe bring calling cannot cast choice christ come conscience day days deceive do doom door ear earth enter escape find for forever forgiven go god hasten he hear hearken here him if in into is jesus judgment let life love may mercy moments nevermore not now of on open o’er passing past precious refuge returneth saviour’s seal shall sin stifle still swiftly the to turn voice waiting waste when whose will wisdom world you your 

----------------------------------------

136. Come to Jesus

Come to Jesus; He is calling–
Do not linger, do not wait;
You may never see tomorrow:
Hasten ere it be too late.

	Hearken to the Saviour’s warning,
	Ere the lamp of life grows dim;
	While His heart for you is yearning,
	Come to Him, O come to Him!

Life is only as a vapour–
It will swiftly pass away;
Here you have no certain dwelling;
Death’s cold hand you cannot stay.

Listen to His kind entreaty;
Come and make Him now your friend;
In the path of life He’ll lead you
Safely to your journey’s end.

O be reconciled to Jesus
Ere your day of grace is past
And, outside the door of mercy,
You are left to mourn at last.

Copyright: ©

 a and are as at away be calling cannot certain cold come day death’s dim do door dwelling end entreaty ere for friend grace grows hand hasten have he hearken heart here he’ll him his in is it jesus journey’s kind lamp last late lead left life linger listen make may mercy mourn never no not now o of only outside pass past path reconciled safely saviour’s see stay swiftly the to tomorrow too vapour wait warning while will yearning you your 

----------------------------------------

137. Out of Christ

Out of Christ, without a Saviour,
Oh! can it, can it be?
Like a ship without a rudder,
On a wild and stormy sea!

	Oh! to be without a Saviour,
	With no hope nor refuge nigh;
	Can it be, O blessèd Saviour,
	One without Thee dares to die!

Out of Christ, without a Saviour,
Lonely and dark the way,
With no light, no hope in Jesus,
Making bright the cheerless day.

Out of Christ, without a Saviour,
Dark will the voyage be;
Clouds will gather, storms surround you;
Oh! to Christ for refuge flee!

Out of Christ, without a Saviour:
Give to Him now your heart,
Ere the door of mercy closes
And you hear His word “Depart.”

 a and be blessèd bright can cheerless christ closes clouds dares dark day depart die door ere flee for gather give hear heart him his hope in it jesus light like lonely making mercy nigh no nor now o of oh on one out refuge rudder saviour sea ship storms stormy surround the thee to voyage way wild will with without word you your 

----------------------------------------

138. When the King Comes In

Called to the feast by the King are we,
Sitting, perhaps, where His people be;
How will it fare, friend, with thee and me–
When the King comes in?

	When the King comes in, tell me,
	When the King comes in,
	How will it fare with thee and me,
	When the King comes in?

Crown on the head where the thorns have been;
Glorified, He who once died for men;
Splendid the vision before us then–
When the King comes in.

Joyful His eye shall on each one rest,
Who is in white wedding garment dressed;
Ah, well for us if we stand the test–
When the King comes in.

Hopeless, the plight of the careless then;
Bitter, the cry of deluded men;
Awful that moment, beyond all ken–
When the King comes in.

 ah all and are awful be been before beyond bitter by called careless comes crown cry deluded died dressed each eye fare feast for friend garment glorified have he head his hopeless how if in is it joyful ken king me men moment of on once one people perhaps plight rest shall sitting splendid stand tell test that the thee then thorns to us vision we wedding well when where white who will with 

----------------------------------------

139. Have You Any Room for Jesus?

Have you any room for Jesus?–
He who bore your load of sin.
As He knocks and asks admission,
Sinner, will you let Him in?

	Room for Jesus, King of glory;
	Hasten now, His word obey.
	Swing your heart’s door widely open;
	Bid Him enter while you may.

Room for pleasure, room for business,
But for Christ the crucified,
Not a place that He can enter
In your heart for which He died.

Have you any time for Jesus,
As in grace He calls again?
Oh, today is time accepted–
Tomorrow you may call in vain.

Room and time now give to Jesus!
Soon will pass God’s day of grace,
Soon your heart be cold and silent,
And your Saviour’s pleading cease.

 a accepted admission again and any as asks be bid bore business but call calls can cease christ cold crucified day died door enter for give glory god’s grace hasten have he heart heart’s him his in is jesus king knocks let load may not now obey of oh open pass place pleading pleasure room saviour’s silent sin sinner soon swing that the time to today tomorrow vain which while who widely will word you your 

----------------------------------------

140. The Saviour Now Is Seeking

The Saviour now is seeking
To win you in your youth,
From paths of sin, to worship Him
In spirit and in truth.

	O turn from sin to Jesus,
	And learn His will to do;
	Leave the world behind, and you will find
	Christ all in all to you.

The Saviour now is knocking;
Give Him an entrance wide
Into your heart; think on His love:
For you He bled and died.

The Saviour now is speaking;
O heed His warning voice;
It means eternal gain for you
To make Him now your choice.

The Saviour now is passing;
What shall your answer be?
Your choice for right or wrong will stand
Through all eternity.

Copyright: ©

 all an and answer be behind bled choice christ died do entrance eternal eternity find for from gain give he heart heed him his in into is it jesus knocking learn leave love make means now o of on or passing paths right saviour seeking shall sin speaking spirit stand the think through to truth turn voice warning what wide will win world worship wrong you your youth 

----------------------------------------

141. Close Thy Heart No More

Weary child, thy sin forsaking,
Close thy heart no more;
From thy dream of pleasure waking,
Open wide the door.

	While the lamp of life is burning
	And the heart of God is yearning,
	To His loving arms now turning,
	Give thy wandering o’er.

To the Saviour’s tender pleading,
Close thy heart no more;
Now the call of mercy heeding,
Open wide the door.

To the gospel invitation,
Close thy heart no more;
To receive a full salvation,
Open wide the door.

To the joy that fadeth never,
Close thy heart no more;
To the peace abiding ever,
Open wide the door.

 a abiding and arms burning call child close door dream ever fadeth forsaking from full give god gospel heart heeding his invitation is joy lamp life loving mercy more never no now of open o’er peace pleading pleasure receive salvation saviour’s sin tender that the thy to turning waking wandering weary while wide yearning 

----------------------------------------

142. Do Not Resist

Do not resist the Spirit’s gentle voice;
Jesus is waiting, make Him now your choice.
Come and evermore rejoice,
Safe in the kingdom of God.

	How shall you escape if you wilfully remain
	Outside the kingdom of God?
	Hasten to obey, while the Spirit bids you come:
	Enter the kingdom of God.

Haste, haste away! the time is flying fast;
Wait not until your day of grace is past
And you weep and wail at last,
Outside the kingdom of God.

Why should you let your priceless soul be lost
And then awake, too late to count the cost?–
Where the gulf cannot be crossed,
Outside the kingdom of God.

Heed now His voice while it is called today;
Come in His own accepted time and way;
From your heart you then can say,
“Safe in the kingdom of God.”

Copyright: ©

 accepted and at awake away be bids called can cannot choice come cost count crossed day do enter escape evermore fast flying from gentle god grace gulf haste hasten heart heed him his how if in is it jesus kingdom last late let lost make not now obey of outside own past priceless rejoice remain resist safe say shall should soul spirit spirit’s the then time to today too until voice wail wait waiting way weep where while why wilfully you your 

----------------------------------------

143. One Day Too Late

There are many who say, “Are there few that be saved?”
Unconcerned for their own precious life;
As the multitudes roam in the darkness and gloom,
They are lost mid the din and the strife.

	One day too late, many will wait,
	Stand knocking outside at the gate;
	Jesus will say, “Depart ye away;
	The door is now shut– it’s too late.”

Do not linger or stay on the world’s broad highway,
Do not wait for the many or few;
Leave the pathway of sin, by the door enter in,
While the Spirit is striving with you.

While He calls you, arise, and no longer despise;
Do not trifle with Him, I implore;
See, His heart yearns for you; say, oh, what will you do
If He leaves you there outside the door?

There is coming a day when the Master will say,
“Go! depart, ye are not of my flock”;
You will then weep and wail, but no tears will avail–
’Twill be useless then standing to knock.

Copyright: ©

 a and are arise as at avail away be broad but by calls coming darkness day depart despise din do door enter few flock for gate gloom go he heart highway him his i if implore in is it’s jesus knock knocking late leave leaves life linger longer lost many master mid multitudes my no not now of oh on one or outside own pathway precious roam saved say see shut sin spirit stand standing stay strife striving tears that the their then there they to too trifle twill unconcerned useless wail wait weep what when while who will with world’s ye yearns you 

----------------------------------------

144. Jesus Is Calling

Jesus is calling, calling earnestly;
For your sake He suffered on the cruel tree,
Gave Himself a ransom to redeem your soul
From condemnation while the ages roll.

	Jesus is calling; hear His heartfelt cry.
	Why will you perish? Oh! why will you die
	Outside the Kingdom, missing the goal?
	What shall it profit if you lose your soul?

Jesus is calling from earth’s pleasures vain;
Wasting your talents, there is naught to gain,
Nothing but sorrow and remorse of heart.
From sin’s delusions why not now depart?

Jesus is calling; He may call no more.
Strive then to enter ere He close the door.
What a sad awakening should you find, too late,
Mercy has vanished, shut is heaven’s gate.

Copyright: ©

 a ages and awakening but call calling close condemnation cruel cry delusions depart die door earnestly earth’s enter ere find for from gain gate gave goal has he hear heart heartfelt heaven’s himself his if is it jesus kingdom late lose may mercy missing more naught no not nothing now of oh on outside perish pleasures profit ransom redeem remorse roll sad sake shall should shut sin’s sorrow soul strive suffered talents the then there to too tree vain vanished wasting what while why will you your 

----------------------------------------

145. The Tender Shepherd’s Voice

The tender Shepherd’s voice
Has reached my troubled heart;
From all iniquity and sin
I long now to depart.

	O receive me now;
	Lord, I come to Thee;
	Let Thy life and love and grace
	Be magnified in me.

My life, my will I yield:
There’s naught I would withhold;
My weary heart desires the rest
And comfort of the fold.

O Shepherd, kind and true,
I need Thy love and life
To quicken and preserve my soul
Amid earth’s toil and strife.

My Saviour bids me come
From wandering far abroad;
His life is mine, and I am safe,
Hid in the heart of God.

Copyright: ©

 abroad all am amid and be bids come comfort depart desires earth’s far fold from god grace has heart hid his i in iniquity is kind let life long lord love magnified me mine my naught need now o of preserve quicken reached receive rest safe saviour shepherd shepherd’s sin soul strife tender the thee there’s thy to toil troubled true voice wandering weary will withhold would yield 

----------------------------------------

146. Give Me Jesus

Take the world, but give me Jesus!
All its joys are but a name;
But His love abideth ever,
Through eternal years the same.

	Oh, the height and depth of mercy!
	Oh, the length and breadth of love!
	Oh, the fullness of redemption!
	Pledge of endless life above.

Take the world, but give me Jesus!
Sweetest comfort of my soul;
With my Saviour watching o’er me,
I can sing though billows roll.

Take the world, but give me Jesus!
Let me view His constant smile;
Then throughout my pilgrim journey
Light will cheer me all the while.

Take the world, but give me Jesus!
In His cross my boast shall be,
Till, with clearer, brighter vision,
Face to face my Lord I see.

 a abideth above all and are be billows boast breadth brighter but can cheer clearer comfort constant cross depth endless eternal ever face fullness give height his i in its jesus journey joys length let life light lord love me mercy my name of oh o’er pilgrim pledge redemption roll same saviour see shall sing smile soul sweetest take the then though through throughout till to view vision watching while will with world years 

----------------------------------------

147. How Clear the Call of Jesus

How clear the call of Jesus,
In accents low and sweet:
“Come now, ye heavy laden,
And rest your weary feet;
My peace and sweet forgiveness
Your troubled heart will know,
And I will gently lead you
Where living waters flow.”

Your only hope is Jesus,
O do not turn away!
For you must stand before Him
On that great judgment day,
When those of every nation
Before Him will appear–
All who despised His mercy,
In awful guilt and fear.

How kind the heart of Jesus:
His voice is calling still.
Grieve not the Holy Spirit;
Do not resist His will.
Your days and years are passing,
Spent as a tale that’s told;
Will you remain a stranger
And lost outside the fold?

Copyright: ©

 a accents all and appear are as away awful before call calling clear come day days despised do every fear feet flow fold for forgiveness gently great grieve guilt heart heavy him his holy hope how i in is jesus judgment kind know laden lead living lost low mercy must my nation not now o of on only outside passing peace remain resist rest spent spirit stand still stranger sweet tale that that’s the those told troubled turn voice waters weary when where who will ye years you your 

----------------------------------------

148. God Is Calling

God is calling! Wanderer, do not longer roam–
Jesus wants to lead you on to heaven and home;
Come while He is pleading; do not faint nor fear.
He will walk beside you and your spirit cheer.

	“Oh! what might have been,” This will be your cry
	When, too late, you see Jesus has passed by.
	Long with you He pleaded, but you would not hear;
	Now He cannot help you, though you faint with fear.

God is calling! Wanderer, will you then refuse
All His tender mercy and His love abuse?
Grasp the hand He offers: think what it would mean,
Left to mourn forever, “Oh, what might have been!”

God had almost won you when your friends drew near,
“You shall lose our friendship,” whispered in your ear.
With the flesh conferring, soon your heart grew cold;
Then you turned against Him and your birthright sold.

Copyright: ©

 abuse against all almost and be been beside birthright but by calling cannot cheer cold come conferring cry do drew ear faint fear flesh forever friends friendship god grasp grew had hand has have he hear heart heaven help him his home in is it jesus late lead left long longer lose love mean mercy might mourn near nor not now offers oh on our passed pleaded pleading refuse roam see shall sold soon spirit tender the then think this though to too turned walk wanderer wants what when while whispered will with won would you your 

----------------------------------------

149. Abundant in Mercy

O come, while the Saviour is calling–
There’s no one so faithful and true;
Eternal salvation and glory,
He willingly offers to you.

	For He is abundant in mercy,
	Forgiving transgression and sin;
	He waits at the door of salvation,
	To pardon and welcome you in.

O come, while the Saviour is waiting,
And risk not a moment’s delay;
The riches of earth are deceitful,
Illusive and passing away.

O come, see the Saviour is passing–
His mercy and love do not spurn.
Resist not the voice of His Spirit;
To you He may never return.

O come, there is refuge in Jesus,
And rest for the weary of heart;
Oh, why will you forfeit salvation
And let your Redeemer depart?

Copyright: ©

 a abundant and are at away calling come deceitful delay depart do door earth eternal faithful for forfeit forgiving glory he heart his illusive in is jesus let love may mercy moment’s never no not o of offers oh one pardon passing redeemer refuge resist rest return riches risk salvation saviour see sin so spirit spurn the there there’s to transgression true voice waiting waits weary welcome while why will willingly you your 

----------------------------------------

150. Wanderer, Stop and Hearken

Wanderer, stop and hearken!
Hear what God would say;
Listen to His message;
Gladly now obey.
Rest and peace He offers
In this world of strife;
Come while He is waiting–
He will give you life.

	Will you now receive Him,
	Give Him full control?
	Let Him have the lordship
	Of your heart and soul.

Drifting: no sure anchor,
No strong arm to save.
Rocks and shoals lie hidden
Neath the restless wave.
Let the heavenly Pilot
Guide you o’er life’s main;
Then His home eternal
You will surely gain.

Flee to Him for refuge–
Do not be afraid.
Christ is the foundation
God Himself has laid.
Listen to His counsel;
God’s own word is plain:
Those who reach His kingdom
Must be born again.

Copyright: ©

 afraid again anchor and arm be born christ come control counsel do drifting eternal flee for foundation full gain give gladly god god’s guide has have he hear hearken heart heavenly hidden him himself his home in is kingdom laid let lie life life’s listen lordship main message must neath no not now obey of offers own o’er peace pilot plain reach receive refuge rest restless rocks save say shoals soul stop strife strong sure surely the then this those to waiting wanderer wave what while who will word world would you your 

----------------------------------------

151. The Saviour Gently Calls

The Saviour gently calls you now
In accents soft and clear;
His hand outstretched in tender love
Will guide you to His home above–
O come while He is near.

This weary world so full of sin
Can offer naught but loss:
Its empty joys, its foolish pride,
False hopes that, like an ebbing tide,
Recede to leave but dross.

Your life is but a flickering flame
That fades to shine no more;
Then with that great and countless band,
Before His throne you, too, will stand
On an eternal shore.

So heed His gentle, pleading voice
That calls you still today.
He offers you a home in heaven,
The inward peace of sins forgiven–
O come while yet you may.

Copyright: ©

 a above accents an and band before but calls can clear come countless dross ebbing empty eternal fades false flame flickering foolish forgiven full gentle gently great guide hand he heaven heed his home hopes in inward is its joys leave life like loss love may more naught near no now o of offer offers on outstretched peace pleading pride recede saviour shine shore sin sins so soft stand still tender that the then this throne tide to today too voice weary while will with world yet you your 

----------------------------------------

152. God Is Now Speaking

God is now speaking– His message you hear;
Pause and consider while He is so near.
If you refuse Him, His love cast away,
Oh, how will you stand on the great judgment day?

	O be in earnest! Pause and consider,
	Carefully counting the cost:
	God is in earnest, anxiously waiting,
	Grieving lest you should be lost.

Great is His mercy, His patience and love;
Faithful the Saviour now pleading above.
Grieve not His Spirit, still striving with you,
Awaiting your answer: oh, what will you do?

What will you answer? He waits for your choice;
Say yes to Jesus while angels rejoice.
Open your heart to the Saviour tonight;
O turn from the darkness, and walk in the light.

Copyright: ©

 above and angels answer anxiously awaiting away be carefully cast choice consider cost counting darkness day do earnest faithful for from god great grieve grieving he hear heart him his how if in is jesus judgment lest light lost love mercy message near not now o oh on open patience pause pleading refuse rejoice saviour say should so speaking spirit stand still striving the to tonight turn waiting waits walk what while will with yes you your 

----------------------------------------

153. Jesus Alone Can Save Me

Where shall I flee for refuge,
Hiding when storms are near?
Where find a place of safety,
Dwelling without a fear?

	Jesus alone can save me,
	All of my joys increase;
	From every storm He’ll shield me,
	Giving my soul sweet peace.

Softly I hear Him calling,
“Come unto me and rest;
Here in my arms find shelter,
Close to my loving breast.”

Burdens ofttimes oppress me,
Burdens so hard to bear;
Oh, then how sweet His whisper,
“Cast upon me thy care.”

Thus would I ever journey
On toward my home above,
Resting alone on Jesus,
Whom, though unseen, I love.

 a above all alone and are arms bear breast burdens calling can care cast close come dwelling ever every fear find flee for from giving hard hear here he’ll hiding him his home how i in increase jesus journey joys love loving me my near of ofttimes oh on oppress peace place refuge rest resting safety save shall shelter shield so softly soul storm storms sweet then though thus thy to toward unseen unto upon when where whisper whom without would 

----------------------------------------

154. Will You Come?

Will you come and walk with God
In the path the Saviour trod?
It will lead you on to home and endless day.
God has spoken to your heart;
Shall His Spirit, grieved, depart?
Will you cast the Saviour’s tender love away?

	Will you come? Will you come?
	Hearken now, O soul! while it is called today.
	See, the patient Saviour stands,
	Holding out His wounded hands;
	From the door of mercy do not turn away.

See, the door is open wide;
Come and enter and abide:
You will prove a Father’s love and tender care.
He will seal you as His own–
For your sins Christ did atone–
And the riches of His glory you shall share.

You have heard His call before,
Yet you linger at the door;
O beware, lest you despise the Saviour’s voice.
Hasten now and enter in:
Life eternal will begin,
And your soul with joy and gladness shall rejoice.

Copyright: ©

 a abide and as at atone away before begin beware call called care cast christ come day depart despise did do door endless enter eternal father’s for from gladness glory god grieved hands has hasten have he heard hearken heart his holding home in is it joy lead lest life linger love mercy not now o of on open out own path patient prove rejoice riches saviour saviour’s seal see shall share sins soul spirit spoken stands tender the to today trod turn voice walk while wide will with wounded yet you your 

----------------------------------------

155. Incline Your Ear

Incline your ear and come;
The Master’s voice obey;
The door of hope is open wide;
O enter while you may.

	Hear! He calls for thee;
	He may call no more:
	Soon the Master will arise
	And shut the open door.

Where living waters flow,
The Master waits for thee;
He’ll be a never failing friend,
Now and eternally.

His love will satisfy;
His rest and peace will stay;
His life divine will fill your soul
And never pass away.

Your sins He will forgive–
He bore them on the tree;
To save you from the wrath of God,
He died on Calvary.

Copyright: ©

 a and arise away be bore call calls calvary come died divine door ear enter eternally failing fill flow for forgive friend from god he hear he’ll his hope incline is life living love master master’s may more never no now o obey of on open pass peace rest satisfy save shut sins soon soul stay the thee them to tree voice waits waters where while wide will wrath you your 

----------------------------------------

156. For You He Is Calling

There is a Saviour whose love is unchanging;
He’s waiting in mercy for you and for me.
He longs to enfold you and crown you with blessings;
O come to the Saviour, now waiting for thee!

	For you He is calling,
	For you He is calling,
	For you He is calling,
	He’s calling for you.

Come while He’s pleading, and taste of His goodness:
The joys of the Kingdom are glories untold.
The Shepherd will guide you, will help and protect you;
O enter with Jesus, and be of the fold!

Life is now passing, the shadows are deepening;
The light of the Saviour will in your heart shine.
Despise not God’s mercy extended in pity;
O come and take refuge while yet there is time!

Copyright: ©

 a and are be blessings calling come crown deepening despise enfold enter extended fold for glories god’s goodness guide he heart help he’s his in is jesus joys kingdom life light longs love me mercy not now o of passing pity pleading protect refuge saviour shadows shepherd shine take taste the thee there time to unchanging untold waiting while whose will with yet you your 

----------------------------------------

157. Jesus With You

If you would have Jesus with you,
You must yield your heart to Him;
Then He’ll come and dwell within you
And will cleanse you from your sin.

	Hear Him now calling you;
	Do not turn from Him away.
	Give Him room in your heart;
	Let Him guide you every day.

Open now your heart to Jesus,
And receive His words so true;
Then you’ll find the way to heaven
Will be opened unto you.

If you close the door to Jesus
And refuse His words so true,
Then you’ll find, to your own sorrow,
Heaven’s door is closed to you.

Why not come while He is calling?
He’ll forgive you for the past.
Yield to Him your life in service,
And hear His “Well done” at last.

Copyright: ©

 and at away be calling cleanse close closed come day do done door dwell every find for forgive from give guide have he hear heart heaven heaven’s he’ll him his if in is jesus last let life must not now open opened own past receive refuse room service sin so sorrow the then to true turn unto way well while why will with within words would yield you your you’ll 

----------------------------------------

158. Just as I Am

Just as I am, without one plea,
But that Thy blood was shed for me,
And that Thou bidst me come to Thee,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

Just as I am– poor, wretched, blind;
Sight, riches, healing of the mind–
Yea, all I need, in Thee to find,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

Just as I am, Thou wilt receive,
Wilt welcome, pardon, cleanse, relieve;
Because Thy promise I believe,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

Just as I am, Thy love unknown
Has broken every barrier down;
Now to be Thine, yea, Thine alone,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

 all alone am and as barrier be because believe bidst blind blood broken but cleanse come down every find for god has healing i in just lamb love me mind need now o of one pardon plea poor promise receive relieve riches shed sight that the thee thine thou thy to unknown was welcome wilt without wretched yea 

----------------------------------------

159. O Weary Soul

O weary soul, God calleth thee
In tender tones of sympathy;
Arise, let this thine answer be,
“From now ’tis Christ for me, for me!”

E’en though thy feet have gone astray,
Afar from God in sin’s dark way,
The Saviour longs to hear thee say,
“From now ’tis Christ for me, for me!”

Thy soul cannot forever stay
Within its feeble walls of clay;
Death’s angel soon will come and say,
“O soul, I come for thee, for thee!”

While Jesus now is very nigh,
O do not let Him pass thee by;
Without delay, wilt thou reply,
“From now ’tis Christ for me, for me!”

Copyright: ©

 afar and angel answer arise astray be by calleth cannot christ clay come dark death’s delay do e’en feeble feet for forever from god gone have hear him i in is its jesus let longs me nigh not now o of pass reply saviour say sin’s soon soul stay sympathy tender the thee thine this thou though thy tis to tones very walls way weary while will wilt within without 

----------------------------------------

160. So Near to the Kingdom

So near to the Kingdom! yet what dost thou lack?
So near to the Kingdom! what keepeth thee back?
Renounce every idol, though dear it may be,
And come to the Saviour now pleading with thee.

	Pleading with thee!
	The Saviour is pleading, is pleading with thee!

So near, that thou hearest the songs that resound
From those who, believing, a pardon have found.
So near, yet unwilling to give up thy sin,
When Jesus is waiting to welcome thee in.

To die with no hope! hast thou counted the cost?
To die out of Christ, and thy soul to be lost?
So near to the Kingdom! O come, we implore!
While Jesus is pleading, come enter the door!

 a and back be believing christ come cost counted dear die door dost enter every found from give hast have hearest hope idol implore in is it jesus keepeth kingdom lack lost may near no now o of out pardon pleading renounce resound saviour sin so songs soul that the thee those thou though thy to unwilling up waiting we welcome what when while who with yet 

----------------------------------------

161. Lord, I Desire to Come

Lord, I desire to come now to Thee;
Long hast Thou patiently waited for me.
Thy love has conquered, and now I arise:
A broken heart Thou wilt not despise.

	Lord, now take me and make me Thine own;
	Thy precious blood for my sins doth atone.
	Trusting Thy strength when my foes shall assail,
	Trusting Thy love, I shall surely prevail.

He who aspires Thy kingdom to win,
Must as a child come and enter therein.
All that would hinder, I freely resign;
Humble my heart, for I would be Thine.

Gladly I spurn the world and its pride,
Pleasure and treasure, its glory beside–
These are not riches, but only as dross;
What things were gain may I count as loss.

Missing Thy way, I groped in the night;
Satan deceived as an angel of light.
Now I desire no path but Thine own;
Now help me walk where Thy feet have gone.

Copyright: ©

 a all an and angel are arise as aspires assail atone be beside blood broken but child come conquered count deceived desire despise doth dross enter feet foes for freely gain gladly glory gone groped has hast have he heart help hinder humble i in its kingdom light long lord loss love make may me missing must my night no not now of only own path patiently pleasure precious prevail pride resign riches satan shall sins spurn strength surely take that the thee therein these thine things thou thy to treasure trusting waited walk way were what when where who wilt win world would 

----------------------------------------

162. Passing By

Low and sweet a voice is calling,
“Souls of mine, why will ye die?”
’Tis the Saviour, meek and lowly–
He is passing, passing by.

	Passing by, passing by,
	Passing by, perhaps forever;
	Passing by, perhaps forever;
	Jesus now is passing by.

Tenderly He reasons with you:
Dreary are the wastes of sin;
Pleasures sought have failed and vanished;
Cheerless is your heart within.

Peace without alloy He giveth
To the yielded heart and life,
His eternal love sustaining
Mid the world’s unrest and strife.

Others may have proved unfaithful–
Jesus never will betray.
O be earnest, rise and follow–
Do not wait another day.

Copyright: ©

 a alloy and another are be betray by calling cheerless day die do dreary earnest eternal failed follow forever giveth have he heart his is jesus life love low lowly may meek mid mine never not now o of others passing peace perhaps pleasures proved reasons rise saviour sin sought souls strife sustaining sweet tenderly the tis to unfaithful unrest vanished voice wait wastes why will with within without world’s ye yielded you your 

----------------------------------------

163. Jesus, My Saviour King

Jesus, my Saviour King,
I will be Thine!
Only to Thee I cling–
I will be Thine!
Mine not the worldling’s gain,
Mine not his pleasures vain!
Man’s honours I disdain–
I will be Thine!

Let others seek their own–
I will be Thine!
I’ll live for Thee alone–
I will be Thine!
Riches and earthly fame,
Each mean or selfish aim,
Forever I disclaim–
I will be Thine!

Whate’er Thou wilt I’ll do–
I will be Thine!
Gladly I’ll suffer too–
I will be Thine!
Only possess my heart,
Bid sin and fear depart;
O let us never part!
I will be Thine!

 aim alone and be bid cling depart disclaim disdain do each earthly fame fear for forever gain gladly heart his honours i i’ll jesus king let live man’s mean mine my never not o only or others own part pleasures possess riches saviour seek selfish sin suffer the thee their thine thou to too us vain whate’er will wilt worldling’s 

----------------------------------------

164. Only One Step

Only one step– God sees thy secret conflict;
Only one step– O hesitate no more;
Only one step to enter God’s great kingdom;
Why linger still outside the open door?

Only one step to fadeless joys of heaven;
Only one step, a pardon to receive;
Only one step– to thee the call is given;
Let not sin’s wiles thy precious soul deceive.

Only one step– let Jesus safely guide thee;
Only one step– shrink not with faithless fear;
Only one step– O soul! whate’er betide thee,
Take now this step, while God and heaven are near.

Only one step– thy hand give to the Saviour;
Only one step– thy soul feels God is nigh;
Only one step– O soul! if thou dost waver,
How sad thy lot, if thou shouldst hopeless die.

Copyright: ©

 a and are betide call conflict deceive die door dost enter fadeless faithless fear feels give given god god’s great guide hand heaven hesitate hopeless how if is jesus joys kingdom let linger lot more near nigh no not now o of one only open outside pardon precious receive sad safely saviour secret sees shouldst shrink sin’s soul step still take the thee this thou thy to waver whate’er while why wiles with 

----------------------------------------

165. I Am Trusting Thee

I am trusting Thee, Lord Jesus,
Trusting only Thee!
Trusting Thee for full salvation,
Great and free.

I am trusting Thee for pardon–
At Thy feet I bow–
For Thy grace and tender mercy,
Trusting now.

I am trusting Thee to guide me–
Thou alone shalt lead,
Every day and hour supplying
All my need.

I am trusting Thee for power–
Thine can never fail;
Words which Thou Thyself shalt give me
Must prevail.

I am trusting Thee, Lord Jesus;
Never let me fall!
I am trusting Thee forever,
And for all.

 all alone am and at bow can day every fail fall feet for forever free full give grace great guide hour i jesus lead let lord me mercy must my need never now only pardon power prevail salvation shalt supplying tender thee thine thou thy thyself to trusting which words 

----------------------------------------

166. Oh, What Will You Do?

Oh, what will you do with Jesus?
The call comes low and sweet;
And tenderly He bids you
Your burdens lay at His feet.
O soul, so sad and weary,
That sweet voice speaks to thee:
Then what will you do with Jesus?
Oh, what shall the answer be?

	What shall the answer be?
	What shall the answer be?
	What will you do with Jesus?
	Oh, what shall the answer be?

Oh, what will you do with Jesus?
The call comes low and clear;
The solemn words are sounding
In every listening ear;
Immortal life’s in the question,
And joy through eternity:
Then what will you do with Jesus?
Oh, what shall the answer be?

Oh, think of the King of glory,
From heaven to earth come down,
His life so pure and holy,
His death, His cross, His crown;
Of His divine compassion,
His sacrifice for thee:
Then what will you do with Jesus?
Oh, what shall the answer be?

 and answer are at be bids burdens call clear come comes compassion cross crown death divine do down ear earth eternity every feet for from glory he heaven his holy immortal in jesus joy king lay life life’s listening low o of oh pure question sacrifice sad shall so solemn soul sounding speaks sweet tenderly that the thee then think through to voice weary what will with words you your 

----------------------------------------

167. Still Undecided

Still undecided, look to thine heart;
Grieve not the Spirit, lest He depart;
Why wilt thou longer wait?
Come ere it be too late;
Jesus, at mercy’s gate,
Grace will impart.

Still undecided, slight not the voice
Breathing so kindly, “Make me thy choice;
Look at my hands and see
I bore the nails for thee;
I died to make thee free;
Come and rejoice!”

Still undecided, time flies apace;
Jesus entreats thee– spurn not His grace;
What if the word were passed,
“This night shall be thy last,”
Where would thy soul be cast,
Where hide thy face?

 and apace at be bore breathing cast choice come depart died entreats ere face flies for free gate grace grieve hands he heart hide his i if impart it jesus kindly last late lest longer look make me mercy’s my nails night not passed rejoice see shall slight so soul spirit spurn still the thee thine this thou thy time to too undecided voice wait were what where why will wilt word would 

----------------------------------------

168. Close to the Kingdom

Close to the Kingdom,
Outside the gate,
Just on the threshold,
Why longer wait?
Come, take the step tonight;
Let God your heart make right;
Heaven’s gate is now in sight–
Why stay away?

Close to the Kingdom,
Still dead in sin,
Just on the threshold–
Why not within?
You have the choice to make;
You have the step to take;
Enter the open gate
To walk with God.

Close to the Kingdom,
What need of fear?
Just on the threshold–
Jesus is near,
Waiting to welcome you;
He’ll guide you safely through;
He has a place for you,
And love untold.

Copyright: ©

 a and away choice close come dead enter fear for gate god guide has have he heart heaven’s he’ll in is jesus just kingdom let longer love make near need not now of on open outside place right safely sight sin stay step still take the threshold through to tonight untold wait waiting walk welcome what why with within you your 

----------------------------------------

169. At Thy Feet I Fall

Thy bleeding feet, Lord Jesus, I will follow,
All rough and thorny though the path may be,
And desert stretches now may lie before me;
Entreat me not to leave Thee:
I will follow Thee.

	At Thy feet I fall,
	Yield Thee up my all,
	To suffer, live or die
	For my Lord crucified!

For where Thou goest, I will follow after,
And where Thou lodgest, I will lodge with Thee;
Affliction with Thy people I have chosen;
Entreat me not to leave Thee:
I will follow Thee.

The God of heaven now will fight my battle–
What need I fear? There’s grace enough for me;
Though joy and sorrow now may be my portion,
Entreat me not to leave Thee:
I will follow Thee.

Entreat me not, Thou lowly Man of Sorrows–
I cannot now return from following Thee;
My heart is won, mine eyes have seen Thy beauty;
Death cannot separate us:
I will follow Thee.

Copyright: ©

 affliction after all and at battle be beauty before bleeding cannot chosen crucified death desert die enough entreat eyes fall fear feet fight follow following for from god goest grace have heart heaven i is jesus joy leave lie live lodge lodgest lord lowly man may me mine my need not now of or path people portion return rough seen separate sorrow sorrows stretches suffer the thee there’s thorny thou though thy to up us what where will with won yield 

----------------------------------------

170. Abide With Me

Abide with me, fast falls the eventide;
The darkness deepens– Lord, with me abide;
When other helpers fail and comforts flee,
Help of the helpless, O abide with me!

Swift to its close ebbs out life’s little day;
Earth’s joys grow dim, its glories pass away;
Change and decay in all around I see;
O Thou, who changest not, abide with me!

I need Thy presence every passing hour;
What but Thy grace can foil the tempter’s power?
Who like Thyself my guide and stay can be?
Through cloud and sunshine, O abide with me!

I fear no foe with Thee at hand to bless;
Ills have no weight and tears no bitterness;
Where is death’s sting? where, grave, thy victory?
I triumph still if Thou abide with me!

 abide all and around at away be bitterness bless but can change changest close cloud comforts darkness day death’s decay deepens dim earth’s ebbs eventide every fail falls fast fear flee foe foil glories grace grave grow guide hand have help helpers helpless hour i if ills in is its joys life’s like little lord me my need no not o of other out pass passing power presence see stay still sting sunshine swift tears tempter’s the thee thou through thy thyself to triumph victory weight what when where who with 

----------------------------------------

171. Break Thou the Bread

Break Thou the bread of life, dear Lord, to me,
As Thou didst break the loaves beside the sea.
Beyond the sacred page I seek Thee, Lord;
My spirit pants for Thee, O Living Word!

Break Thou the bread of life, O Lord, to me,
That hid within my heart Thy word may be;
Mould Thou each inward thought, from self set free,
And let my steps be all controlled by Thee.

Open Thy word of truth, that I may see
Thy message written clear and plain for me;
Then in sweet fellowship, walking with Thee,
Thine image on my life engraved will be.

Bless Thou the Truth, dear Lord, to me, to me,
As Thou didst bless the bread by Galilee;
Then shall all bondage cease, all fetters fall,
And I shall find my peace, my All in all!

 all and as be beside beyond bless bondage bread break by cease clear controlled dear didst each engraved fall fellowship fetters find for free from galilee heart hid i image in inward let life living loaves lord may me message mould my o of on open page pants peace plain sacred sea see seek self set shall spirit steps sweet that the thee then thine thou thought thy to truth walking will with within word written 

----------------------------------------

172. Apart With Thee

Apart with Thee, O Lord, today
We meet in Jesus’ name;
Help us, O Lord, to speak and pray,
Thy blessing to obtain.

	O Lord, today
	Thy blessing now bestow
	Upon our waiting hearts, we pray;
	Now may Thy richest blessing freely flow.

Apart with Thee this hour so sweet
When care is left behind,
We humbly meet at Jesus’ feet
With prayerful heart and mind.

Apart with Thee, we feel our need
Of Jesus’ cleansing blood;
Cleanse us from sinful thought and deed,
Within that crimson flood.

O Lord, today may there arise
An offering pure and sweet:
New songs of praise, a sacrifice
Acceptable, complete.

Copyright: ©

 a acceptable an and apart arise at behind bestow blessing blood care cleanse cleansing complete crimson deed feel feet flood flow freely from heart hearts help hour humbly in is jesus left lord may meet mind name need new now o obtain of offering our praise pray prayerful pure richest sacrifice sinful so songs speak sweet that thee there this thought thy to today upon us waiting we when with within 

----------------------------------------

173. God Is Here

God is here amongst His people;
He delights there to abide.
So Immanuel lived and suffered
And for this was crucified.

	Keep us still, O Lord, we pray Thee,
	In the path that Jesus trod;
	May Thy light and truth still lead us;
	Guide us by Thy staff and rod.

God is here and seeking labourers
For the harvest field so wide;
Let us yield ourselves in service;
Fruit will come if we abide.

God is here and will not fail us,
Though all others may betray;
He will come to cheer and strengthen
As we love His truth and way.

God is here when all is darkness
And we know not where to go;
His own hand will lead unerring,
Though in tears we now may sow.

Copyright: ©

 abide all amongst and as betray by cheer come crucified darkness delights fail field for fruit go god guide hand harvest he here his if immanuel in is jesus keep know labourers lead let light lived lord love may not now o others ourselves own path people pray rod seeking service so sow staff still strengthen suffered tears that the thee there this though thy to trod truth unerring us was way we when where wide will yield 

----------------------------------------

174. In the Name of Jesus Gathering

In the name of Jesus gathering,
From the world we come apart,
Praying that His presence with us
May refresh each longing heart.

	Lord, refresh our hearts today;
	Teach us how to truly pray;
	Keep us faithful, true, responsive,
	Listening to Thy voice alway.

Oh, how barren, fruitless, useless
All our efforts without Thee!
God, our Father, grant Thy presence,
Bringing life and liberty.

One in heart, in mind and spirit,
Weaned from this vain world away;
Father, wilt Thou now revive us
As we seek Thy face today?

As the living branch abideth
In the vine, to fruitful be,
Cleanse us, Lord, and teach us ever
How to so abide in Thee.

Copyright: ©

 abide abideth all alway and apart as away barren be branch bringing cleanse come each efforts ever face faithful father from fruitful fruitless gathering god grant heart hearts his how in jesus keep liberty life listening living longing lord may mind name now of oh one our pray praying presence refresh responsive revive seek so spirit teach that the thee this thou thy to today true truly us useless vain vine voice we weaned wilt with without world 

----------------------------------------

175. Come Ye Yourselves Apart

“Come ye yourselves apart and rest awhile,
Weary, I know it, of the press and throng;
Wipe from your brow the sweat and dust of toil,
And in My quiet strength again be strong.”

“Come ye aside from all the world holds dear,
For converse which the world has never known,
Alone with Me and with My Father here–
With Me and with My Father, not alone.”

“Come, tell Me all that ye have said and done,
Your victories and failures, hopes and fears;
I know how hardly souls are wooed and won;
My choicest wreaths are always wet with tears.”

Then fresh from converse with your Lord, return
And work till daylight softens into even;
The brief hours are not lost in which ye learn
More of your Master and His rest in heaven.

 again all alone always and apart are aside awhile be brief brow choicest come converse daylight dear done dust even failures father fears for fresh from hardly has have heaven here his holds hopes hours how i in into it know known learn lord lost master me more my never not of press quiet rest return said softens souls strength strong sweat tears tell that the then throng till toil victories weary wet which wipe with won wooed work world wreaths ye your yourselves 

----------------------------------------

176. We Come Apart

We come apart from all the worldly throng–
Speak, Lord, we pray;
Deliver us from that which makes us strong
In our own way.
We know that pride before destruction goes;
Oh, may Thy Light our secret faults expose!

Make known to us Thy leadings at this time–
We fain would hear,
As they of old, Thy voice so plain and clear;
Our spirits cheer.
Oft have we failed to wait and seek Thy face;
Oft have our hearts strayed from the lowly place.

Here we repent from all iniquity–
Cleanse us today;
We long to walk in fellowship with Thee,
So thus we pray.
Thou dost delight to put our wrongs aside,
As from our hearts we purpose to abide.

The fields are white and honest hearts are waiting–
How can we stay?
Many a heart is sore with contemplating
The worldly way;
Open our eyes to see the awful need;
Then in Thy fear we’ll sow the precious seed.

Copyright: ©

 a abide all and apart are as aside at awful before can cheer cleanse clear come contemplating delight deliver destruction dost expose eyes face failed fain faults fear fellowship fields from goes have hear heart hearts here honest how in iniquity is know known leadings light long lord lowly make makes many may need of oft oh old open our own place plain pray precious pride purpose put repent secret see seed seek so sore sow speak spirits stay strayed strong that the thee then they this thou throng thus thy time to today us voice wait waiting walk way we we’ll which white with worldly would wrongs 

----------------------------------------

177. Low at Thy Throne

Low at Thy throne of grace
We humbly bow;
Come in Thy mercy, Lord,
And bless us now.
O meet our soul’s deep need:
Thy precious blood we plead;
Thy chosen people lead
Closer to Thee.

We fear the tempter’s power–
Teach us to pray,
And lead us by the hand
In Thine own way.
Thou art the sinner’s friend;
On Thee our souls depend;
Preserve us to the end–
We trust in Thee.

Our broken, contrite hearts
Now cleanse and heal;
Accept our lives, and give
Thy Spirit’s seal.
O cause Thy face to shine;
We would be wholly Thine,
Filled with Thy life divine,
Loyal to Thee.

We come before Thy face,
Humble and meek;
Forsaking self, we would
Thy favour seek.
Teach us Thy holy will;
Thy purpose now fulfil;
Childlike, resigned and still,
We yield to Thee.

Copyright: ©

 accept and art at be before bless blood bow broken by cause childlike chosen cleanse closer come contrite deep depend divine end face favour fear filled forsaking friend fulfil give grace hand heal hearts holy humble humbly in lead life lives lord low loyal meek meet mercy need now o of on our own people plead power pray precious preserve purpose resigned seal seek self shine sinner’s souls soul’s spirit’s still teach tempter’s the thee thine thou throne thy to trust us way we wholly will with would yield 

----------------------------------------

178. Fellowship

Father, as we meet
Humbly and with fear,
May Thy presence sweet
To each heart draw near.

Father, as we pray
May we rightly ask
Grace to tread Thy way,
Strength to do our task.

Father, as we speak
May the words be Thine,
We, a mouthpiece weak,
Uttering things divine.

Each word living bread,
Broken, Lord, by Thee,
On Thy table spread,
Sacrifice so free.

Father, as we part
May there deeper be
Purpose in each heart
Just to live for Thee.

As we live for Thee,
Lord, our lives control;
In Thy service free
Other lives enrol.

Copyright: ©

 a and as ask be bread broken by control deeper divine do draw each enrol father fear for free grace heart humbly in just live lives living lord may meet mouthpiece near on other our part pray presence purpose rightly sacrifice service so speak spread strength sweet table task the thee there thine things thy to tread uttering way we weak with word words 

----------------------------------------

179. As We Gather

As we gather now together,
Show us Thou art here;
Breathe on us Thy Holy Spirit,
Scatter every fear.

	Jesus, in Thy footsteps treading,
	We shall onward go:
	This the path that leads to triumph
	Over every foe.

As we pray, Lord, pray Thou through us
By the Holy Ghost;
Perfect Thou Thy strength in weakness,
Vanquish Satan’s host.

May the fear of man flee from us
As we do Thy will:
Men can only persecute us
And the body kill.

Though our outward man may perish,
We renewed shall be;
Changed from glory into glory,
Soon Thy face we’ll see.

Copyright: ©

 and art as be body breathe by can changed do every face fear flee foe footsteps from gather ghost glory go here holy host in into jesus kill leads lord man may men now of on only onward our outward over path perfect perish persecute pray renewed satan’s scatter see shall show soon spirit strength that the this thou though through thy to together treading triumph us vanquish we weakness we’ll will 

----------------------------------------

180. O Blessèd Lord

O blessèd Lord, we plead again
Before Thy mercy seat;
Forgive and cleanse, like other times,
Thy kindnesses repeat.
Descend on us like morning dew,
And, as the early rain
That robes the earth in pastures new,
So clothe us, Lord, again:
Our garments change.

Made conscious of shortcomings and
Our need of help from Thee–
Impart Thy Holy Spirit to
Give utterance to our plea.
The tempter, now accusing, from
Our vision, Lord, conceal
And, interceding on our part,
Our great High Priest reveal:
Our vision change.

Though many, as one body, in
Agreement, help us pray;
Subdue the tumult, still the strife,
And envy drive away.
Revive Thy gifts in all till we
Each other’s keeper be;
And fitly join the first with last,
Till blest in unity:
Unite us, Lord.

In concord may our prayers arise
As prayers of one with zeal:
Unhindered be the glad Amen
To every wise appeal.
Forgive as we forgive, O Lord,
And set each other free;
Not as we would, but as Thou wilt–
May this our blessing be–
Thy will be done.

Copyright: ©

 accusing again agreement all amen and appeal arise as away be before blessing blessèd blest body but change cleanse clothe conceal concord conscious descend dew done drive each early earth envy every first fitly forgive free from garments gifts give glad great help high holy impart in interceding join keeper kindnesses last like lord made many may mercy morning need new not now o of on one other other’s our part pastures plea plead pray prayers priest rain repeat reveal revive robes seat set shortcomings so spirit still strife subdue tempter that the thee this thou though thy till times to tumult unhindered unite unity us utterance vision we will wilt wise with would zeal 

----------------------------------------

181. Lord, We Love Thy Habitation

Lord, we love Thy habitation,
Where there’s hope and warmth and cheer,
Where the bread to feed our hungry hearts is free,
Where Thy light dispels our darkness,
And we’re filled with wholesome fear,
As we trace the words of wisdom back to Thee.

Many times we’ve feared and faltered
Since we said we’d do our best,
And have wept and prayed to overcome our fear;
And at times it seemed so hopeless
As ahead we saw the test;
But we know Thou dost behold our every tear.

May our hearts be soft and tender
As we listen to Thy voice,
That impressions made may guide us all the way,
And our lives show forth Thy praises
As we daily make the choice
To deny ourselves and all Thy will obey.

May we now behold the beauties
Of the way Thy heart has planned;
Help us think the thoughts that keep our hearts aflame;
Then our lives one round of praises,
Sealed and guided by Thy hand,
Will show forth Thy life and glorify Thy name.

Copyright: ©

 aflame ahead all and as at back be beauties behold best bread but by cheer choice daily darkness deny dispels do dost every faltered fear feared feed filled forth free glorify guide guided habitation hand has have heart hearts help hope hopeless hungry impressions is it keep know life light listen lives lord love made make many may name now obey of one our ourselves overcome planned praises prayed round said saw sealed seemed show since so soft tear tender test that the thee then there’s think thou thoughts thy times to trace us voice warmth way we wept we’d we’re we’ve where wholesome will wisdom with words 

----------------------------------------

182. Lord, We Are Met Together

Lord, we are met together,
A weak and helpless flock,
The powers of earth against us,
But Thou art still our Rock;
Now may we simply trust Thee,
Depend upon Thy power;
Extend to us Thy favour,
Make this a hallowed hour.

We know that Thou wert here, Lord,
A meek and lowly man,
Dependent on Thy Father,
Fulfilling all His plan.
We know that Thou didst suffer
In yielding to His will
And saidst to Thy disciples,
“Do not fear them that kill.”

What Thou didst say to them, Lord,
Thou sayest now to us;
Oh, may we follow after,
Counting the world but dross.
Thus shall we suffer with Thee
And lose our lives down here;
But suffering leads to reigning,
So wherefore should we fear?

For Thou art coming back, Lord,
The time is drawing nigh;
The whole creation groaneth
And wearily doth sigh;
And we ourselves do long, Lord,
To see Thee king of earth,
Our weeping turned to singing,
Our sorrow into mirth.

Copyright: ©

 a after against all and are art back but coming counting creation depend dependent didst disciples do doth down drawing dross earth extend father favour fear flock follow for fulfilling groaneth hallowed helpless here his hour in into is kill king know leads lives long lord lose lowly make man may meek met mirth nigh not now of oh on our ourselves plan power powers reigning rock saidst say sayest see shall should sigh simply singing so sorrow still suffer suffering that the thee them this thou thus thy time to together trust turned upon us we weak wearily weeping wert what wherefore whole will with world yielding 

----------------------------------------

183. Our God, Our Father

Our God, our Father, grant us grace
To seek Thy face today;
O banish each distracting thought,
That we may pray.

Give us Thy Holy Spirit’s aid
That for us He may plead;
For He alone can search our hearts
And tell our need.

Father, do Thou reveal the wrong,
And bring to light our sin;
Cleansed in Christ’s blood we then may be
All pure within.

May Thy great love be shed abroad
In every waiting heart,
That Thou through us mayest love the world
In every part.

Father, do Thou receive us now–
Christ’s blood-bought ones are we;
His slaves we lovingly become
Eternally.

Copyright: ©

 abroad aid all alone and are banish be become blood bought bring can christ’s cleansed distracting do each eternally every face father for give god grace grant great he heart hearts his holy in light love lovingly may mayest need now o ones our part plead pray pure receive reveal search seek shed sin slaves spirit’s tell that the then thou thought through thy to today us waiting we within world wrong 

----------------------------------------

184. Here We Come

Here we come and seek to pray;
Lord, refresh our hearts today;
Lighten all our darkness now,
As before Thy face we bow.

Save us from all fleshly speech;
Give us words Thine ear to reach;
Through us may Thy Spirit cry,
Speaking forth our hearts’ deep sigh.

Father, we our wants make known;
Give us what we need alone;
Thou art wiser far than we:
Past and future Thou dost see.

Give us Thy deep sympathy;
Save us from all apathy;
May the world, with all its need,
Touch our hearts and make us plead.

Now may every heart be still;
Lord, reveal to us Thy will;
Step by step as Thou dost show,
May we always gladly go.

Copyright: ©

 all alone always and apathy art as be before bow by come cry darkness deep dost ear every face far father fleshly forth from future give gladly go heart hearts here its known lighten lord make may need now our past plead pray reach refresh reveal save see seek show sigh speaking speech spirit step still sympathy than the thine thou through thy to today touch us wants we what will wiser with words world 

----------------------------------------

185. Let Us Draw Near

Let us draw near to God–
We know that He is here;
Oh, may His presence fill our souls
With reverent, godly fear.

	Let us draw near to God
	Through Christ, the living way;
	The holiest is open now:
	Let us draw near and pray.

Let us draw near to God–
He will forgive our sin:
Christ’s precious blood has opened heaven,
And we may enter in.

Let us draw near to God–
He knows our need is great;
He will respect the contrite heart,
Regard our low estate.

Let us draw near to God,
Our Father and our Friend;
From grateful hearts continually
Let prayer and praise ascend.

Copyright: ©

 and ascend blood christ christ’s continually contrite draw enter estate father fear fill forgive friend from god godly grateful great has he heart hearts heaven here his holiest in is know knows let living low may near need now oh open opened our praise pray prayer precious presence regard respect reverent sin souls that the through to us way we will with 

----------------------------------------

186. Prayer Is a Mighty Source

Prayer is a mighty source of power;
Without it we must surely fail;
While Moses prayed, the enemies
Of Israel could not prevail.

Then brother, sister, plead and pray;
God reigns in majesty on high;
His eyes behold His chosen ones;
His ear is listening to their cry.

God will avenge His own elect,
Whose prayers ascend both day and night;
And out of weakness make them strong,
And put their enemies to flight.

The hosts of sin are marching on,
And forth to death their captives lead;
And these may perish if we cease
To watch and pray and intercede.

Souls wander on outside the fold,
And God looks down with pitying eye
On harvest great and labourers few,
While souls drift on in sin to die.

My brother, sister, walk with God,
With perfect hearts, sincere and true,
That souls now lost in sin may see
The life of Christ revealed in you.

Copyright: ©

 a and are ascend avenge behold both brother captives cease chosen christ could cry day death die down drift ear elect enemies eye eyes fail few flight fold forth god great harvest hearts high his hosts if in intercede is israel it labourers lead life listening looks lost majesty make marching may mighty moses must my night not now of on ones out outside own perfect perish pitying plead power pray prayed prayer prayers prevail put reigns revealed see sin sincere sister souls source strong surely that the their them then these to true walk wander watch we weakness while whose will with without you 

----------------------------------------

187. Begin the Day With God

Begin the day with God–
Kneel down to Him in prayer;
Lift up thy heart to His abode,
And seek His love to share.

Open the Book of God,
And read a portion there,
That it may hallow all thy thoughts
And sweeten all thy care.

Go through the day with God,
Whate’er thy lot may be;
Where’er thou art– at home, abroad–
He still is near to thee.

Converse in mind with God–
Thy spirit heavenward raise;
Acknowledge every good bestowed,
And offer grateful praise.

Conclude the day with God–
Thy sins to Him confess;
Trust in the Lord’s atoning blood,
And plead His righteousness.

 a abode abroad acknowledge all and art at atoning be begin bestowed blood book care conclude confess converse day down every go god good grateful hallow he heart heavenward him his home in is it kneel lift lord’s lot love may mind near of offer open plead portion praise prayer raise read righteousness seek share sins spirit still sweeten that the thee there thou thoughts through thy to trust up whate’er where’er with 

----------------------------------------

188. Father, in Thy Mercy

Father, in Thy mercy
Hearken to my prayer;
Make Thy servant worthy
Jesus’ name to bear.
He is meek and lowly:
These great gifts impart,
That they may forever
Dwell within my heart.

Mourning, poor in spirit–
Cause Thy face to shine;
Open wide Thy kingdom
To this heart of mine;
Thine the power and glory,
Thine the grace I need,
Loving, serving, sowing
All my life as seed.

Father, at Thy footstool,
This great truth I own:
Those who fail in dying
Must remain alone.
Let the love of Jesus
In my heart now reign,
Bringing forth abundant
Fruit that will remain.

Gracious Holy Father,
Hear me from on high;
Teach me, like my Master,
How to fall and die;
Naught from Him withholding–
Naught I now retain–
I shall bear His image
When He comes to reign.

Copyright: ©

 abundant all alone and as at bear bringing cause comes die dwell dying face fail fall father footstool forever forth from fruit gifts glory grace gracious great he hear hearken heart high him his holy how i image impart in is jesus kingdom let life like love loving lowly make master may me meek mercy mine mourning must my name naught need now of on open own poor power prayer reign remain retain seed servant serving shall shine sowing spirit teach that the these they thine this those thy to truth when who wide will withholding within worthy 

----------------------------------------

189. Pray for the Peace of the City

Pray for the peace of the city,
Set as a light on a hill;
Pray that each dwelling may prosper,
Peace all her palaces fill.
Mark well her towers and bulwarks,
Settled eternally sure;
Builded in truth upon Jesus,
She shall forever endure.

	Our God shall help her right early;
	Lo, she shall never be moved;
	For He as King there abideth,
	Reigning o’er all His beloved.

Pray for the peace of the city,
Pray that no evil shall harm.
All they who love her shall prosper,
Knowing no cause for alarm.
E’en though the mountains be carried
Into the depths of the sea,
God in the midst of her dwelleth;
Our rock and fortress is He.

Pray for the peace of the city,
Soon as the Bride to appear,
Coming in clouds of the morning,
Fair as the jasper stone clear.
Christ is her light and her temple,
Christ is the King on her throne;
Pray for the peace of the city
Jesus hath claimed for His own.

Copyright: ©

 a abideth alarm all and appear as be beloved bride builded bulwarks carried cause christ city claimed clear clouds coming depths dwelleth dwelling each early endure eternally evil e’en fair fill for forever fortress god harm hath he help her hill his in into is jasper jesus king knowing light lo love mark may midst morning mountains moved never no of on our own o’er palaces peace pray prosper reigning right rock sea set settled shall she soon stone sure temple that the there they though throne to towers truth upon well who 

----------------------------------------

190. Teach Us How to Pray

Lord, we need Thy tender mercy,
Need it every day;
We are in the midst of danger–
Teach us how to pray.

	Teach us how to pray,
	How to watch and pray;
	Fierce and strong the powers of darkness–
	Teach us how to pray.

In the quiet of Thy presence,
Fit us for the fray;
Lest we waver in the conflict,
Be our strength and stay.

Lord, preserve and shield Thy people–
Foes are lurking round;
In the way our feet must journey
Snares of death are found.

Lord, impart Thy quickening Spirit
While our prayers arise;
Prayers from needy hearts and contrite
Thou wilt not despise.

Copyright: ©

 and are arise be conflict contrite danger darkness day death despise every feet fierce fit foes for found fray from hearts how impart in it journey lest lord lurking mercy midst must need needy not of our people powers pray prayers presence preserve quickening quiet round shield snares spirit stay strength strong teach tender the thou thy to us watch waver way we while wilt 

----------------------------------------

191. Watch and Pray

Oh! how sweet the words of Jesus,
As we journey on life’s way,
And we walk the narrow pathway:
We should always watch and pray.
And though farther on we go
And our God we learn to know,
Still we fall before the foe
If we do not watch and pray.

	Watch and pray every day,
	Watch and pray every day,
	For the foe is always near–
	We have need to watch and pray.

When at times the sun is shining
And our path is bright as day,
We should take it as a warning
That we need to watch and pray.
For the foe is always near,
Though we cannot see he’s here;
But we have no need to fear
If we only watch and pray.

In the times of deep depression
We may find there’s much to cheer;
If we’re conscious of temptation,
Still we need not faint nor fear.
When we seek our Father’s face,
He will grant the needed grace;
We may finish in the race
If we only watch and pray.

Copyright: ©

 a always and as at before bright but cannot cheer conscious day deep depression do every face faint fall farther father’s fear find finish foe for go god grace grant have he here he’s how if in is it jesus journey know learn life’s may much narrow near need needed no nor not of oh on only our path pathway pray race see seek shining should still sun sweet take temptation that the there’s though times to walk warning watch way we we’re when will words 

----------------------------------------

192. Praying Always

Praying always in the Spirit,
Fainting not whate’er befall;
Jesus lives, the mighty conqueror–
He is reigning over all.

	Praying always, praying ever–
	God will hear His own elect;
	In His sight their souls are precious–
	He will comfort and protect.

Praying when the darkness gathers
And the sun withdraws its light,
Through the lonely hours of sorrow,
In the still and solemn night.

Praying when the foe is vanquished,
Seeking His sustaining grace,
Keeping under His protection,
Sure and steady in the race.

Praying that we may continue
In the race we have begun;
Found at last among the faithful
When our days on earth are done.

Copyright: ©

 all always among and are at befall begun comfort conqueror continue darkness days done earth elect ever fainting faithful foe found gathers god grace have he hear his hours in is its jesus keeping last light lives lonely may mighty night not of on our over own praying precious protect protection race reigning seeking sight solemn sorrow souls spirit steady still sun sure sustaining that the their through under vanquished we whate’er when will withdraws 

----------------------------------------

193. In the Garden

What can give us hope of triumph
As we face the daily strife?
Is it not in praying always,
Keeping true in secret life?
Jesus in that night of sorrow
Wept and prayed for grace and power;
Came an angel, strength imparting
For that final, trying hour.

	In the garden, in the garden,
	Lies defeat or victory.
	Grant us, Lord, Thy keeping ever,
	To be found awake by Thee.

Think of others in the garden,
Weary, waiting, watching there,
Found of Him for sorrow sleeping
In the secret place of prayer.
He the lonely watch was keeping;
He alone the price could pay.
All of heaven was beholding
As He bore our sins away.

We ourselves a watch are keeping
In our own extremity,
And our Father, too, will send us
Help for our infirmity.
As we think of days before us,
Ever as we journey on,
Well we know whate’er the battle,
With His help it shall be won.

Copyright: ©

 a all alone always an and angel are as awake away battle be before beholding bore by came can could daily days defeat ever extremity face father final for found garden give grace grant he heaven help him his hope hour imparting in infirmity is it jesus journey keeping know lies life lonely lord night not of on or others our ourselves own pay place power prayed prayer praying price secret send shall sins sleeping sorrow strength strife that the thee there think thy to too triumph true trying us victory waiting was watch watching we weary well wept what whate’er will with won 

----------------------------------------

194. Low Before Thy Throne

Low before Thy throne of grace,
Lord of life, we seek Thy face;
O respect our soul’s deep need,
In the Saviour’s name we plead.
God of love, Thy grace impart;
Quicken every longing heart;
Fill us with Thy love and zeal;
Grant us now Thy Spirit’s seal.

Lord, our body, spirit, soul,
We would yield to Thy control;
Grace sufficient Thou shalt give,
As in Thee we move and live.
Lord, we plead the Saviour’s blood;
We would serve Thee as we should;
Let Thy pitying eye now see
All our insufficiency.

We would bear Thy worthy name,
Stand before Thee without blame,
Cleansed from all iniquity,
Clothed in Thy humility.
Father, in this quiet hour
May we feel Thy quickening power;
Fill our hearts, O heavenly Dove,
With Thy pure and changeless love.

Copyright: ©

 all and as bear before blame blood body changeless cleansed clothed control deep dove every eye face father feel fill from give god grace grant heart hearts heavenly hour humility impart in iniquity insufficiency let life live longing lord love low may move name need now o of our pitying plead power pure quicken quickening quiet respect saviour’s seal see seek serve shalt should soul soul’s spirit spirit’s stand sufficient the thee this thou throne thy to us we with without worthy would yield zeal 

----------------------------------------

195. Lord, We Rest in Peace Abiding

Lord, we rest in peace abiding,
Under Thy wings;
All our care to Thee confiding,
Under Thy wings.
Satan has no power to charm us,
Hosts of sin cannot alarm us,
Naught in life nor death can harm us,
Under Thy wings.

There is healing for our sorrow,
Under Thy wings;
There is hope for each tomorrow,
Under Thy wings.
Joy all other joys transcending,
Peace like heaven’s dew descending,
Tender love that knows no ending,
Under Thy wings.

Lord, a weary world is dying,
Far from Thy wings;
Broken hearts in sorrow sighing,
Far from Thy wings.
In Thy mercy hear their crying–
All their need, Thy love supplying;
Take them, sinful, helpless, dying,
Under Thy wings.

Copyright: ©

 a abiding alarm all broken can cannot care charm confiding crying death descending dew dying each ending far for from harm has healing hear hearts heaven’s helpless hope hosts in is joy joys knows life like lord love mercy naught need no nor of other our peace power rest satan sighing sin sinful sorrow supplying take tender that thee their them there thy to tomorrow transcending under us we weary wings world 

----------------------------------------

196. Help Me to Find Thee

Help me to find Thee when I pray–
O God, this is my earnest plea;
The way is hid, my hope is dead
If, Lord, I cannot meet with Thee.

	As pants the hart for water brooks,
	So pants my soul, O Lord, for Thee:
	Thou art my life, my hope, my all!
	Draw near, I pray, draw near to me.

Thou art the answer to my prayer:
O let me feel Thy presence near,
Thy living touch upon my heart,
Thy quickening word upon my ear.

The borders of Thy mercy, Lord,
Are spread to cover o’er my wrong,
That I may seek Thy face with joy
And lift to Thee again my song.

For, Lord, Thou art the pilgrim’s friend:
O go Thou with me on the way;
Let Thy blest presence be my shield:
Draw near to me, draw near, I pray.

Copyright: ©

 again all and answer are art as be blest borders brooks cannot cover dead draw ear earnest face feel find for friend go god hart heart help hid hope i if is joy let life lift living lord may me meet mercy my near o of on o’er pants pilgrim’s plea pray prayer presence quickening seek shield so song soul spread that the thee this thou thy to touch upon water way when with word wrong 

----------------------------------------

197. Teach Me to Pray, Lord

Teach me to pray, Lord, teach me to pray:
This is my heart cry day unto day;
I long to know Thy will and Thy way;
Teach me to pray, Lord, teach me to pray.

Power in prayer, Lord, power in prayer,
Here mid earth’s sin and sorrow and care,
Men lost and dying, souls in despair,
O give me pow’r, Lord, power in prayer.

Teach me to pray, Lord, teach me to pray;
Thou art my pattern day unto day;
Thou art my surety, now and for aye;
Teach me to pray, Lord, teach me to pray.

Living in Thee, Lord, and Thou in me,
Constant abiding: this is my plea;
Grant me the power, boundless and free,
Power with men and power with Thee.

Copyright: ©

 abiding and art aye boundless care constant cry day despair dying earth’s for free give grant heart here i in is know living long lord lost me men mid my now o pattern plea power pow’r pray prayer sin sorrow souls surety teach the thee this thou thy to unto way will with 

----------------------------------------

198. Alone With Jesus

Alone with Jesus, ’tis so sweet
To sit and learn at His dear feet
And see more clearly how to prize
The loving Saviour’s sacrifice.

Alone with Jesus, ’tis His will
That we should hear His “Peace, be still.”
He calms the fears and stills the cries
That from a troubled heart would rise.

Alone with Jesus, we can know
The greatest comfort here below,
When sorrows press on every hand
That only He can understand.

Alone with Jesus, oh, what rest
To lean upon the Saviour’s breast,
To feel His touch and hear His voice
That makes my inmost heart rejoice.

Copyright: ©

 a alone and at be below breast calms can clearly comfort cries dear every fears feel feet from greatest hand he hear heart here his how inmost jesus know lean learn loving makes more my oh on only peace press prize rejoice rest rise sacrifice saviour’s see should sit so sorrows still stills sweet that the tis to touch troubled understand upon voice we what when will with would 

----------------------------------------

199. I Need Thy Grace

I need Thy grace, O Lamb of God,
To aid me in the pilgrim way;
I tremble at the tempter’s power
And feel my need to watch and pray.

O let me now abide in Thee:
Thou art my shield and hiding place,
Thy precious blood my only plea,
While waiting at the throne of grace.

Thy tender love and mercy, Lord,
Subdue this stubborn heart of mine;
They flood and fill my inmost soul
And claim and make me wholly Thine.

I come to Thee to find soul-rest
And nestle closer to Thy side;
How base the heart that would betray
The soul’s redeemer, friend and guide.

Though heaven and earth may pass away,
Thy word will stand forever sure;
The promise is, they shall be saved
Who faithful to the end endure.

Copyright: ©

 abide aid and art at away base be betray blood claim closer come earth end endure faithful feel fill find flood forever friend god grace guide heart heaven hiding how i in inmost is lamb let lord love make may me mercy mine my need nestle now o of only pass pilgrim place plea power pray precious promise redeemer rest saved shall shield side soul soul’s stand stubborn subdue sure tempter’s tender that the thee they thine this thou though throne thy to tremble waiting watch way while who wholly will word would 

----------------------------------------

200. Lord, My Heart’s Deep Need

Lord, my heart’s deep need Thou knowest–
Contrite at Thy feet I pray,
Watching, waiting, in Thy presence,
Listening, willing to obey.
All my soul for Thee is yearning,
Fainting for Thy courts, O Lord;
Truest source of satisfaction,
Feed me on the living word.

	All my soul for Thee is yearning,
	To be filled with Thee alone,
	Sanctified, approved, accepted,
	One whom Thou canst seal and own.

Lord, my heart’s deep need Thou knowest–
Draw me, I will follow Thee,
Free from sin’s enthralling bondage,
In Thy light and liberty.
All my weakness, Lord, Thou seest;
In temptation be my tower;
Make me more and more like Jesus
Daily by Thy Spirit’s power.

Lord, my heart’s deep need Thou knowest–
Do not turn away my prayer;
Thou hast walked the path before me;
Thou canst sympathize and care.
O remember me in mercy,
And impart the needed grace
To enable me to follow
Till I see Thee face to face.

Copyright: ©

 accepted all alone and approved at away be before bondage by canst care contrite courts daily deep do draw enable enthralling face fainting feed feet filled follow for free from grace hast heart’s i impart in is jesus knowest liberty light like listening living lord make me mercy more my need needed not o obey of on one own path power pray prayer presence remember sanctified satisfaction seal see seest sin’s soul source spirit’s sympathize temptation the thee thou thy till to tower truest turn waiting walked watching weakness whom will willing with word yearning 

----------------------------------------

201. Lowly at Thy Feet

Lowly at Thy feet, my Saviour,
Pleading for Thy pardoning grace,
I would seek Thy smile and favour;
Do not hide from me Thy face.
Often heart and flesh would fail me;
Help me, Saviour, from above;
Sweet the thought my heart retaineth:
I am not beyond Thy love.

	Not beyond the love of Jesus,
	His unmeasured wealth of love;
	Sweet the thought my heart retaineth:
	I am not beyond Thy love.

Hush, my heart, thy Saviour speaketh–
Strained, my ear to catch His word;
Peace that passeth understanding,
Strength and life it doth afford.
Boundless is His love and mercy,
Deeper than the deepest sea,
Vast, unending, never failing,
Sure for all eternity.

’Tis not sacrifice nor offerings,
But my body He requires
For His home and habitation;
Shall I yield to His desires?
Can I, listening to His pleadings,
Still refuse and say Him nay?
Love begets the love He asketh:
Lord, I yield without delay.

Copyright: ©

 above afford all am and asketh at begets beyond body boundless but can catch deeper deepest delay desires do doth ear eternity face fail failing favour feet flesh for from grace habitation he heart help hide him his home hush i is it jesus life listening lord love lowly me mercy my nay never nor not of offerings often pardoning passeth peace pleading pleadings refuse requires retaineth sacrifice saviour say sea seek shall smile speaketh still strained strength sure sweet than that the thought thy tis to understanding unending unmeasured vast wealth without word would yield 

----------------------------------------

202. O Help Us, Lord

O help us, Lord, to seek Thy face,
And touch our hearts that we may pray;
The foe is strong: we need Thy grace
And power to keep us in the Way.

	Weak in ourselves we fear the foe
	But love the path where Jesus trod;
	Strong in His strength we forward go;
	Our hope is in the living God.

O give us understanding hearts,
And help us now to intercede
For those who in the darkness dwell,
That they may see and feel their need.

Possess our hearts and fill our minds
With light and wisdom from on high,
That we may manifest Thy life
And vile affections crucify.

Whom have we, Lord, in heaven but Thee?–
And there is none on earth beside–
So tender, patient, kind and true,
A loyal, faithful friend and guide.

Copyright: ©

 a affections and beside but crucify darkness dwell earth face faithful fear feel fill foe for forward friend from give go god grace guide have hearts heaven help high his hope in intercede is jesus keep kind life light living lord love loyal manifest may minds need none now o on our ourselves path patient possess power pray see seek so strength strong tender that the thee their there they those thy to touch trod true understanding us vile way we weak where who whom wisdom with 

----------------------------------------

203. With Childlike Trust

With childlike trust, O Lord, we come;
Our helplessness appeals to Thee;
Thou who in us Thy work hath wrought,
Forsake us not then utterly.

	Our weakness, Lord, appeals to Thee;
	Our spirits long for liberty.
	O hear our cry, Thou Holy One;
	Complete the work Thou hast begun.

Rejoicing in the lowly way,
We fain would walk, we fain would be,
The cross and suffering never shun,
But prove our love and loyalty.

As we present our sacrifice,
Our all we yield with motive pure;
Thy love, Thy life, Thy power we crave,
That we may to the end endure.

O help us then to follow on
With stable hearts, contrite and free,
Complete in Him, the righteous One,
Thy will fulfilling perfectly.

Copyright: ©

 all and appeals as be begun but childlike come complete contrite crave cross cry end endure fain follow for forsake free fulfilling hast hath hear hearts help helplessness him holy in liberty life long lord love lowly loyalty may motive never not o on one our perfectly power present prove pure rejoicing righteous sacrifice shun spirits stable suffering that the thee then thou thy to trust us utterly walk way we weakness who will with work would wrought yield 

----------------------------------------

204. My Need

I need Thy sheltering wings, my God–
No other refuge can I find;
I nestle there in calm content,
True rest and peace of heart and mind.

I need Thy wisdom and Thy grace
To face the conflict day by day
And bear the burden of the Lord,
With steps assured along the way.

I need Thy meek and gentle Christ
To still this stormy human breast,
To check the word or deed or thought,
Unworthy of its Holy Guest.

I need forgiveness, Saviour mine–
For oft I am like one astray–
And cleansing by Thy precious blood,
To keep me in Thy glorious way.

I rest content though poor I am;
Jehovah meets my every need;
I shall not want: He knows and gives
The riches of His grace indeed.

Copyright: ©

 along am and assured astray bear blood breast burden by calm can check christ cleansing conflict content day deed every face find for forgiveness gentle gives glorious god grace guest he heart his holy human i in indeed its jehovah keep knows like lord me meek meets mind mine my need nestle no not of oft one or other peace poor precious refuge rest riches saviour shall sheltering steps still stormy the there this though thought thy to true unworthy want way wings wisdom with word 

----------------------------------------

205. Thou Hast Been My Help

Thou hast been my help, Lord Jesus;
Leave, O leave me not, I pray.
Fiercer grows the conflict daily,
And I need Thee all the way.

	Leave me not, leave me not;
	Precious Saviour, leave me not;
	Enemies and foes surround me–
	In Thy mercy leave me not.

O forsake me not, my Saviour,
Weak and wavering though I be;
Everlasting strength is promised
Unto those who trust in Thee.

Saviour, in the time of trouble
Hide me in the secret place;
Keep me evermore rejoicing
In Thy righteousness and grace.

Copyright: ©

 all and be been conflict daily enemies everlasting evermore fiercer foes forsake grace grows hast help hide i in is jesus keep leave lord me mercy my need not o of place pray precious promised rejoicing righteousness saviour secret strength surround the thee those thou though thy time trouble trust unto wavering way weak who 

----------------------------------------

206. Gracious Redeemer

Gracious Redeemer, Thou art my salvation:
Naught but Thy blood could for my sins atone.
Give me the grace of holy resignation
That I may henceforth do Thy will alone.

Oh, how this cruel self would seek to hinder
And keep me bound in sin and misery.
O Lord, bestow the grace of self-surrender
That I may evermore Thy servant be.

How hard and cold is my poor heart without Thee;
I need Thy love and mercy every hour.
Grant me, O God, Thy blessèd Holy Spirit
That I may know His gracious, quick’ning power.

I would excel in every grace and virtue;
Cleanse and possess this yielded heart of mine.
Thou didst in mercy shed Thy blood to save me;
Thy love has conquered, I am wholly Thine.

Help me to walk in Thy most holy presence,
Perfect in heart, before Thee without blame.
Subdue each thought and quell each stormy passion
That I may magnify Thy glorious name.

Copyright: ©

 alone am and art atone be before bestow blame blessèd blood bound but cleanse cold conquered could cruel didst do each evermore every excel for give glorious god grace gracious grant hard has heart help henceforth hinder his holy hour how i in is keep know lord love magnify may me mercy mine misery most my name naught need o of oh passion perfect poor possess power presence quell quick’ning redeemer resignation salvation save seek self servant shed sin sins spirit stormy subdue surrender that the thee thine this thou thought thy to virtue walk wholly will without would yielded 

----------------------------------------

207. Holy Spirit

Holy Spirit, breathe upon us:
Sealed by Thee are we,
To the day of our redemption,
Till our Lord we see.

	Cleanse us, Lord, from all that grieveth
	Thy blest Spirit, Holy Guest.
	Comforter, from heaven descending,
	Find in us Thy rest.

Holy Spirit, breathe upon us:
To the Father dear,
By Thine aid, in all our weakness,
Help us to draw near.

Holy Spirit, breathe upon us:
Teach to us God’s will;
With the Christ who lived and suffered,
All our vision fill.

Holy Spirit, breathe upon us:
Filled by Thee alone,
Precious fruit in us appearing
Makes Thy presence known.

Copyright: ©

 aid all alone and appearing are blest breathe by christ cleanse comforter day dear descending draw father fill filled find from fruit god’s grieveth guest heaven help holy in known lived lord makes near of our precious presence redemption rest sealed see spirit suffered teach that the thee thine thy till to upon us vision we weakness who will with 

----------------------------------------

208. Our Blest Redeemer

Our blest Redeemer, ere He breathed
His tender, last farewell,
A Guide, a Comforter bequeathed
With us to dwell.

He came sweet influence to impart,
A gracious, willing Guest,
Where He can find one humble heart
Wherein to rest.

And His that gentle voice we hear,
Soft as the breath of even,
That checks each thought, that calms each fear
And speaks of heaven.

And every virtue we possess,
And every conquest won,
And every thought of holiness
Are His alone.

Spirit of purity and grace,
Our weakness pitying see:
O make our hearts Thy dwelling place,
And worthier Thee.

 a alone and are as bequeathed blest breath breathed calms came can checks comforter conquest dwell dwelling each ere even every farewell fear find gentle grace gracious guest guide he hear heart hearts heaven his holiness humble impart influence last make o of one our pitying place possess purity redeemer rest see soft speaks spirit sweet tender that the thee thought thy to us virtue voice we weakness where wherein willing with won worthier 

----------------------------------------

209. Dark, Dark the Night

Dark, dark the night on every side;
Without Thee, Lord, I have no guide.
O blessèd Saviour, crucified,
Take not Thy Holy Spirit from me.

Light of the world to me Thou art,
Hope of this wayward, sinful heart;
I could not bear from Thee to part:
Take not Thy Holy Spirit from me.

Apart from Thee my soul must die;
No other hope of heaven have I.
O hear Thy needy servant’s cry:
Take not Thy Holy Spirit from me.

Copyright: ©

 apart art bear blessèd could crucified cry dark die every from guide have hear heart heaven holy hope i light lord me must my needy night no not o of on other part saviour servant’s side sinful soul spirit take the thee this thou thy to wayward without world 

----------------------------------------

210. Gently the Holy Spirit

Gently the Holy Spirit
Whispers at break of day,
Guiding my thoughts to Jesus,
And prompting my heart to pray.
Arise, my soul, and answer
The tender, secret call,
Lest earthly cares prevent me,
And I in temptation fall.

Gently the Holy Spirit
Reproves me of my sin,
Guides me again to Jesus,
Who died my poor soul to win.
May there be true submission
Within this heart of mine:
Then, reconciled and broken,
I learn of His love divine.

Gently the Holy Spirit
Whispers at close of day,
“Cast all thy cares on Jesus,
Who careth for thee alway.”
Be still, my soul, and, trusting
In His undying love,
Commit your all unto Him;
Forever He reigns above!

Copyright: ©

 above again all alway and answer arise at be break broken call cares careth cast close commit day died divine earthly fall for forever gently guides guiding he heart him his holy i in jesus learn lest love may me mine my of on poor pray prevent prompting reconciled reigns reproves secret sin soul spirit still submission temptation tender the thee then there this thoughts thy to true trusting undying unto whispers who win within your 

----------------------------------------

211. My Saviour, How I Love Thy Name

My Saviour, how I love Thy name!
And oh! how precious to my heart,
The bond of love which makes us one
And binds us nevermore to part!

	My name is graven on His hands;
	His precious blood now speaks for me
	Within the Holiest of all,
	Before God’s face continually.

My Shepherd, since Thy life is mine,
I rest in this: Thou shalt prevail
O’er every foe, without, within;
Thy love, all-conquering, cannot fail.

My Master, all my soul desires
The grace to serve Thee faithfully,
With reverence and with godly fear,
In meek, unfeigned humility.

My Father, hearken to my prayer,
In Jesus’ name I ask of Thee;
In life, in death, deny me not;
Let Christ be magnified in me.

Copyright: ©

 all and ask be before binds blood bond cannot christ conquering continually death deny desires every face fail faithfully father fear foe for godly god’s grace graven hands hearken heart his holiest how humility i in is jesus let life love magnified makes master me meek mine my name nevermore not now of oh on one o’er part prayer precious prevail rest reverence saviour serve shalt shepherd since soul speaks the thee this thou thy to unfeigned us which with within without 

----------------------------------------

212. God Sent His Well-Belovèd Son

God sent His well-belovèd Son
Down from His home above;
He came that we might understand
The depth of His great love.
He left His Father’s home on high,
And for our sins He came to die.

That quenchless zeal consumed His life,
To do His Father’s will,
And satisfy His just demands,
And righteousness fulfil.
He finished all God’s heart had planned,
And then sat down at God’s right hand.

His saints, though few, adore His name–
Those by His Spirit sealed–
And love the mysteries of grace,
To His own babes revealed.
And oh! what joy and endless bliss,
To see His face in righteousness!

Copyright: ©

 above adore all and at babes belovèd bliss by came consumed demands depth die do down endless face father’s few finished for from fulfil god god’s grace great had hand he heart high his home in joy just left life love might mysteries name of oh on our own planned quenchless revealed right righteousness saints sat satisfy sealed see sent sins son spirit that the then those though to understand we well what will zeal 

----------------------------------------

213. The Heart of God

The heart of God is always grieved
Unless His chosen people pray
And seek His all-sufficient grace
To keep them in the evil day.

Prayer is the strong, connecting link,
The vital, quickening, heavenly flame
Which burns within the hearts of all
Who live to honour His great name.

Effectual, fervent prayers shall bring
God’s richest blessings from above;
All prayer prevails with Him who reigns
Forevermore in sovereign love.

Prayer moves the loving heart of God
To grant these favours from on high:
A wise and understanding heart,
A clear, discerning, single eye.

Copyright: ©

 a above all always and blessings bring burns chosen clear connecting day discerning effectual evil eye favours fervent flame forevermore from god god’s grace grant great grieved heart hearts heavenly high him his honour in is keep link live love loving moves name of on people pray prayer prayers prevails quickening reigns richest seek shall single sovereign strong sufficient the them these to understanding unless vital which who wise with within 

----------------------------------------

214. If It Had Not Been the Lord

If it had not been the Lord
Who had died my soul to save,
Then a sad and Christless heart
Would have found a hopeless grave.

If it had not been the Lord
Who had brought me to His fold,
Then a lost and dying sheep
Would have perished in the cold.

If it had not been the Lord
When the ruthless foe assailed,
No defence would I have known–
If my Lord had not prevailed.

It is only He can save;
It is only He can keep.
His strong arm, and His alone,
Will defend His trusting sheep.

 a alone and arm assailed been brought can christless cold defence defend died dying foe fold found grave had have he heart his hopeless i if in is it keep known lord lost me my no not only perished prevailed ruthless sad save sheep soul strong the then to trusting when who will would 

----------------------------------------

215. A Tender Heart

Give me a heart that’s tender, true,
A heart that’s kind, a heart that’s new;
And let it be like Thine, O Lord,
In every deed and every word.
Take out the stony heart,
take out the bitterness;
Give me a gracious heart
that’s full of tenderness,
A heart that understands,
that will not fret or pine;
Give me a tender heart–
a heart like Thine.

Give me a heart from sin set free,
Unworthy though my life may be,
And may Thy Spirit its temple fill
And teach me to obey Thy will.
May I forget the wrong
someone has done to me
And show the tenderness
of Christ on Calvary.
Let tears of sorrow come
and all my ways refine;
Give me a tender heart–
a heart like Thine.

Give me a heart that knows no guile,
A heart forgiving all the while,
A heart that reaches to do a deed,
And stoops to help a friend in need.
I want to feel the pain
my neighbours often know
And lend a helping hand
if he be friend or foe.
I want to share the loss
in every weal or woe
And have a tender heart,
where’er I go.

Copyright: ©

 a all and be bitterness calvary christ come deed do done every feel fill foe forget forgiving free fret friend from full give go gracious guile hand has have he heart help helping i if in it its kind know knows lend let life like lord loss may me my need neighbours new no not o obey of often on or out pain pine reaches refine set share show sin someone sorrow spirit stony stoops take teach tears temple tender tenderness that that’s the thine though thy to true understands unworthy want ways weal where’er while will woe word wrong 

----------------------------------------

216. Thy Perfect Love

May Thy perfect love, O Lord,
Burn strong within my heart,
That I may in Thy truth abide
And from all sin depart.

	O cause Thy perfect love
	Within my heart to burn,
	That I may ne’er unfaithful be
	Nor from Thy pathway turn.

May Thy perfect love, O Lord,
Inspire my soul each day
To do Thy will and Thine alone;
O give me grace alway.

As Thy perfect love, O Lord,
Burns with a constant flame,
I’ll seek to glory in the cross
And share my Master’s shame.

May Thy perfect love unite
Thy saints in every land,
That they may all be one with Thee,
Fulfilling Thy command.

Copyright: ©

 a abide all alone alway and as be burn burns cause command constant cross day depart do each every flame from fulfilling give glory grace heart i in inspire i’ll land lord love master’s may me my ne’er nor o one pathway perfect saints seek shame share sin soul strong that the thee they thine thy to truth turn unfaithful unite will with within 

----------------------------------------

217. My Saviour’s Love

My Saviour’s love shall never fail,
Till I am safe within the veil;
When life has ended here for me,
Lord Jesus, I shall dwell with Thee.

	Love led Him to Gethsemane;
	Love led Him on to Calvary.
	Love in His flowing wounds I see:
	The Lamb of God, who died for me.

Though I’m unworthy of His love,
He has prepared a home above,
Where souls redeemed shall live in peace;
Their joy in God shall never cease.

Arrayed in righteousness and grace,
His servants there shall see His face,
Their crown of life to bear His name
And stand before Him without blame.

God’s love shall comfort them for aye,
His hand shall wipe their tears away;
Before the throne their theme shall be:
“Herein is love: He died for me.”

Copyright: ©

 a above am and arrayed away aye be bear before blame calvary cease comfort crown died dwell ended face fail flowing for gethsemane god god’s grace hand has he here herein him his home i in is i’m jesus joy lamb led life live lord love me my name never of on peace prepared redeemed righteousness safe saviour’s see servants shall souls stand tears the thee their them theme there though throne till to unworthy veil when where who wipe with within without wounds 

----------------------------------------

218. Love Is the Kingdom’s Banner

Love is the Kingdom’s banner:
Lift it against the sky,
Over the field of battle,
Where the needy cry.
Even though death assail us,
Let us His banner raise:
Hope of the dying nations,
And our Master’s praise.

Love is the Kingdom’s banner–
By it shall all men know
Jesus hath come and dwelleth
With His saints below.
Loving as He hath loved us,
Dwelling in unity:
This shall declare His kingdom,
Feeble though we be.

Know that the hosts of evil,
Love’s banner shall assail;
But as we love and trust Him,
Jesus will prevail.
Fresh as the dew of heaven,
His graces shall descend:
He who hath loved and given,
Loveth to the end!

Copyright: ©

 against all and as assail banner battle be below but by come cry death declare descend dew dwelleth dwelling dying end even evil feeble field fresh given graces hath he heaven him his hope hosts in is it jesus kingdom kingdom’s know let lift love loved loveth love’s loving master’s men nations needy of our over praise prevail raise saints shall sky that the this though to trust unity us we where who will with 

----------------------------------------

219. Love Thee More

Saviour, hear my heartfelt prayer,
Humbly I implore:
In Thy loving, tender care,
Let me love Thee more.
Source of life and love divine,
Dwell within this heart of mine;
I would love with love like Thine,
Love Thee more and more.

	Love Thee more, more and more.
	O enlarge this heart of mine–
	I would love Thee more.

Saviour, Thou didst leave Thy throne
In Thy love for me;
For my sins Thou didst atone:
Now my soul is free.
All Thy soul’s deep agony,
Thy great love on Calvary
Touch my heart appealingly–
I would love Thee more.

Thou hast loved me unto death;
All my powers and will,
Gifts Thou lendest with my breath,
Shall Thy praise fulfil.
All Thy sorrow, grief and shame
For my portion now I claim,
Honoured thus to bear Thy name–
I would love Thee more.

Thou hast bought me with Thy blood:
Oh, how great the price–
Comprehend it, no heart could–
Told in sacrifice!
All my soul now sighs for Thee;
Thirsting, longing, I would be
Filled with love’s immensity,
Loving more and more.

Copyright: ©

 agony all and appealingly atone be bear blood bought breath calvary care claim comprehend could death deep didst divine dwell enlarge filled for free fulfil gifts great grief hast hear heart heartfelt honoured how humbly i immensity implore in is it leave lendest let life like longing love loved love’s loving me mine more my name no now o of oh on portion powers praise prayer price sacrifice saviour shall shame sighs sins sorrow soul soul’s source tender the thee thine thirsting this thou throne thus thy to told touch unto will with within would 

----------------------------------------

220. More Love to Thee

More love to Thee, O Christ!
More love to Thee!
Hear Thou the prayer I make
On bended knee;
This is my earnest plea:

	More love, O Christ, to Thee!
	More love to Thee,
	More love to Thee!

Once earthly joy I craved,
Sought peace and rest;
Now Thee alone I seek–
Give what is best.
This all my prayer shall be:

Let sorrow do its work,
Come grief or pain;
Sweet are Thy messengers,
Sweet their refrain,
When they can sing with me:

Then shall my latest breath
Whisper Thy praise;
This be the parting cry
My heart shall raise,
This still its prayer shall be:

 all alone and are be bended best breath can christ come craved cry do earnest earthly give grief hear heart i is its joy knee latest let love make me messengers more my now o on once or pain parting peace plea praise prayer raise refrain rest seek shall sing sorrow sought still sweet the thee their then they this thou thy to what when whisper with work 

----------------------------------------

221. Unerring One

Unerring One, the way Thou’st planned
Is still to most obscure;
From them ’tis hid, to babes revealed,
A little flock of poor.

The brightest intellect of men
Is dark and fails to see
The precious truth to those so clear,
Who through the Son are free.

Home, friends are left; it seems so strange,
A wandering life to lead:
To most it seems a frenzied craze
To sow one’s life as seed.

That lonely One, rejected now,
Whose name is held to scorn,
Shall reign on earth the only King
On that victorious morn.

We may be glad and leap for joy–
The recompense is near;
To see His face and have His smile
Will banish all our fear.

Copyright: ©

 a all and are as babes banish be brightest clear craze dark earth face fails fear flock for free frenzied friends from glad have held hid his home intellect is it joy king lead leap left life little lonely may men morn most name near now obscure of on one one’s only our planned poor precious recompense reign rejected revealed scorn see seed seems shall smile so son sow still strange that the them those thou’st through tis to truth unerring victorious wandering way we who whose will 

----------------------------------------

222. Lord, Teach Me

Lord, teach me how to grow in grace;
Thy patient spirit now impart,
Producing hope and confidence
Within the garden of my heart.

Love, joy and peace shall then be seen,
And spread their fragrance all around;
Those pleasant fruits of righteousness
Shall grow and in my soul abound.

Long-suffering, gentleness shall come,
And goodness, too, shall blossom then;
The fruits of faith and godliness
Shall flourish in my soul again.

Meekness and temperance shall appear,
The sign and seal that grace divine,
The love of truth and holiness
Are dwelling in this heart of mine.

Copyright: ©

 abound again all and appear are around be blossom come confidence divine dwelling faith flourish fragrance fruits garden gentleness godliness goodness grace grow heart holiness hope how impart in joy long lord love me meekness mine my now of patient peace pleasant producing righteousness seal seen shall sign soul spirit spread suffering teach temperance that the their then this those thy to too truth within 

----------------------------------------

223. Lord, I Would Take Thy Yoke

Lord, I would take Thy yoke and learn of Thee,
And here before Thy lowly manger bow:
The vain, proud things that once were dear to me,
While kneeling here all seem so empty now.

Lord, I would take Thy yoke and learn of Thee,
With chastened heart behold that lesson sweet,
When towel-girt Thy kingly form I see:
There bending low to wash Thy servants’ feet.

Lord, I would take Thy yoke and learn of Thee,
When shadows lengthen and life’s sorrows come:
Teach me the lesson of Gethsemane:
“Father, not mine, but Thy blest will be done.”

Lord, I would take Thy yoke and learn of Thee,
When man is cruel and the world untrue:
I hear a whisper come from Calvary:
“Father, forgive, they know not what they do.”

Copyright: ©

 a all and be before behold bending blest bow but calvary chastened come cruel dear do done empty father feet forgive form from gethsemane girt hear heart here i is kingly kneeling know learn lengthen lesson life’s lord low lowly man manger me mine not now of once proud see seem servants shadows so sorrows sweet take teach that the thee there they things thy to towel untrue vain wash were what when while whisper will with world would yoke 

----------------------------------------

224. O Jesus, I Have Promised

O Jesus, I have promised
To serve Thee to the end;
Be Thou forever near me,
My Master and my Friend.
I shall not fear the battle
If Thou art by my side,
Nor wander from the pathway
If Thou wilt be my Guide.

O let me feel Thee near me:
The world is ever near;
I see the sights that dazzle,
The tempting sounds I hear.
My foes are ever near me,
Around me and within;
But, Jesus, draw Thou nearer,
And shield my soul from sin.

O let me hear Thee speaking
In accents clear and still,
Above the storms of passion,
The murmurs of self-will.
O speak to reassure me,
To hasten or control;
O speak, and make me listen,
Thou guardian of my soul.

O Jesus, Thou hast promised
To all who follow Thee,
That where Thou art in glory,
There shall Thy servant be;
And, Jesus, I have promised
To serve Thee to the end;
O give me grace to follow,
My Master and my Friend.

 above accents all and are around art battle be but by clear control dazzle draw end ever fear feel foes follow forever friend from give glory grace guardian guide hast hasten have hear i if in is jesus let listen make master me murmurs my near nearer nor not o of or passion pathway promised reassure see self servant serve shall shield side sights sin soul sounds speak speaking still storms tempting that the thee there thou thy to wander where who will wilt within world 

----------------------------------------

225. Lord, Speak to Me

Lord, speak to me, that I may speak
In living echoes of Thy tone;
As Thou hast sought, so let me seek
Thine erring children lost and lone.

O lead me, Lord, that I may lead
The wandering and the wavering feet;
O feed me, Lord, that I may feed
Thy hungering ones with manna sweet.

O teach me, Lord, that I may teach
The precious things Thou dost impart;
And wing my words that they may reach
The hidden depths of many a heart.

O give Thine own sweet rest to me,
That I may speak, with soothing power,
A word in season, as from Thee,
To weary ones in needful hour.

O use me, Lord, use even me,
Just as Thou wilt and how and where,
Until Thy blessèd face I see,
Thy rest, Thy joy, Thy glory share.

 a and as blessèd children depths dost echoes erring even face feed feet from give glory hast heart hidden hour how hungering i impart in joy just lead let living lone lord lost manna many may me my needful o of ones own power precious reach rest season see seek share so soothing sought speak sweet teach that the thee they thine things thou thy to tone until use wandering wavering weary where wilt wing with word words 

----------------------------------------

226. O Teach Me How to Love

O teach me how to love
As Thou hast first loved me,
That pure, unselfish, thoughtful love
That savours, Lord, of Thee.

O help me to submit
To all Thy will for me;
From hardness and unyieldingness,
O Father, keep me free.

O teach me to be wise
And from all wrong to flee,
That would to others be a snare
And turn their hearts from Thee.

O help me to forgive
As Thou, Lord, hast forgiven;
From pride and malice keep me clean,
And every form of leaven.

O help me to be kind,
Patient, long-suff’ring, true,
At all times worthy of Thy seal
In all I say and do.

O help me to endure
As others have endured,
A wise and faithful steward prove,
And gain Thy rich reward.

Copyright: ©

 a all and as at be clean do endure endured every faithful father first flee for forgive forgiven form free from gain hardness hast have hearts help how i in keep kind leaven long lord love loved malice me o of others patient pride prove pure reward rich savours say seal snare steward submit suff’ring teach that thee their thou thoughtful thy times to true turn unselfish unyieldingness will wise worthy would wrong 

----------------------------------------

227. Lord, Be Not Silent

Lord, be not silent unto me,
But in Thy mercy speak again;
My thirsty soul awaits Thy word,
As parchèd land awaits the rain.

	I look to Thee, my Lord and God;
	I find in Thee my hope and rest;
	For Thou hast oft refreshed my soul
	In times when I was sore distressed.

Lord, shouldst Thou speak with warning voice,
Then I may count my soul as blest;
For He who bears the chastening rod
Is still the one who loves me best.

Lord, wash me by Thy cleansing word,
And fix my purpose firm and true;
O heal my soul from all disease,
My failing strength again renew.

Lord, lead me captive to Thy will,
A joyous prisoner by choice,
A willing slave to Thy command,
Controlled and guided by Thy voice.

Copyright: ©

 a again all and as awaits be bears best blest but by captive chastening choice cleansing command controlled count disease distressed failing find firm fix for from god guided hast he heal hope i in is joyous land lead look lord loves may me mercy my not o oft one parchèd prisoner purpose rain refreshed renew rest rod shouldst silent slave sore soul speak still strength the thee then thirsty thou thy times to true unto voice warning was wash when who will willing with word 

----------------------------------------

228. Moments of Blessing

Rich are the moments of blessing,
Jesus, my Saviour, bestows;
Pure is the well of salvation,
Fresh from His mercy that flows.

	Ever He walketh beside me;
	Brightly His sunshine appears,
	Spreading a beautiful rainbow
	Over the valley of tears.

Rich are the moments of blessing,
Lovely and hallowed and sweet,
When from my labour at noontide,
Calmly I rest at His feet.

Why should I ever grow weary?
Why should I faint by the way?
Has He not promised to give me
Strength for the toils of the day?

Though by the mist and the shadow
Sometimes my sky may be dim,
Rich are the moments of blessing
Spent in communion with Him.

 a and appears are at be beautiful beside bestows blessing brightly by calmly communion day dim ever faint feet flows for fresh from give grow hallowed has he him his i in is jesus labour lovely may me mercy mist moments my noontide not of over promised pure rainbow rest rich salvation saviour shadow should sky sometimes spent spreading strength sunshine sweet tears that the though to toils valley walketh way weary well when why with 

----------------------------------------

229. The Still, Small Voice

The still, small voice of Jesus
Speaks to my heart each day:
“If you would be more fruitful,
Abide in me alway.”
This voice so sweet and touching,
These words so real to me,
Stir all my heart to answer,
“Lord, I’ll abide in Thee.”

	Above earth’s noise and tumult,
	That still, small voice I hear;
	To it I’ll be responsive,
	E’en though it leads through tears.

The still, small voice of Jesus
Speaks to my heart each day:
“Serve me with zeal and gladness;
I gave my life away.”
Forbid that I should answer,
“It’s vain to serve Thee, Lord,”
Since Thou in loving-kindness
Hast promised great reward.

The still, small voice of Jesus
Speaks to my heart each day:
“Still follow in my footsteps–
There is no other way.”
It brings me joy surpassing
All tongue could ever tell,
To wholly follow Jesus,
Who doeth all things well.

The still, small voice of Jesus
Speaks to my heart each day:
“These days of tribulation,
Cease not to watch and pray.”
My heart breaks forth in answer:
“Yes, Lord, I’ll seek Thy face,
That I may be made stronger
In Thine abounding grace.”

Copyright: ©

 abide abounding above all alway and answer away be breaks brings cease could day days doeth each earth’s ever e’en face follow footsteps forbid forth fruitful gave gladness grace great hast hear heart i if in is it it’s i’ll jesus joy kindness leads life lord loving made may me more my no noise not of other pray promised real responsive reward seek serve should since small so speaks still stir stronger surpassing sweet tears tell that the thee there these thine things this thou though through thy to tongue touching tribulation tumult vain voice watch way well who wholly with words would yes you zeal 

----------------------------------------

230. Lord, in Our Need

Lord, in our need we come to Thee–
Speak to our hearts, we pray;
We long to hear Thy still, small voice
Whispering to us each day.

	Speak, Lord, for we would hear,
	Each passing day along the way;
	Speak, Lord, for we would hear–
	Speak to our hearts, we pray.

Strong in ourselves we only fail:
Humble us, Lord, we pray;
Only through Thee we can prevail;
Cleanse us, O Lord, today.

Guided by Thee we need not fear:
Guide us, O Lord, we pray;
Teach us Thy will, Thy way make clear–
We would Thy will obey.

Use us, O Lord, Thy work to do–
Use us, O Lord, we pray;
Yielding ourselves in service true,
We would be used alway.

Copyright: ©

 along alway be by can cleanse clear come day do each fail fear for guide guided hear hearts humble in long lord make need not o obey only our ourselves passing pray prevail service small speak still strong teach the thee through thy to today true us use used voice way we whispering will work would yielding 

----------------------------------------

231. Speak to My Soul

Speak to my soul, Lord Jesus;
Speak now in tenderest tone.
Whisper in loving-kindness,
“Thou art not left alone.”
Open my heart to hear Thee,
Quickly to hear Thy voice;
Fill Thou my soul with praises;
Let me in Thee rejoice.

	Speak Thou in softest whispers,
	Whispers of love to me:
	“Thou shalt be always conqueror,
	Thou shalt be always free.”
	Speak Thou to me each day, Lord,
	Always in tenderest tone;
	Let me now hear Thy whisper:
	“Thou art not left alone.”

Speak to Thy children ever;
Lead in the holy way.
Fill them with joy and gladness;
Teach them to watch and pray.
May they in consecration
Yield their whole lives to Thee.
Hasten Thy coming kingdom,
Till our dear Lord we see.

Speak now, as in the old time
Thou didst reveal Thy will;
Let me know all my duty;
Let me Thy law fulfil.
Lead me to glorify Thee;
Help me to show Thy praise,
Gladly to do Thy bidding,
Honour Thee all my days.

 all alone always and art as be bidding children coming conqueror consecration day days dear didst do duty each ever fill free fulfil gladly gladness glorify hasten hear heart help holy honour in jesus joy kindness kingdom know law lead left let lives lord love loving may me my not now of old open our praise praises pray quickly rejoice reveal see shalt show softest soul speak teach tenderest the thee their them they thou thy till time to tone voice watch way we whisper whispers whole will with yield 

----------------------------------------

232. God Is Faithful

God is faithful to His chosen
In His dealings every day,
Both in judgment and in mercy,
All along the pilgrim way.

	New each morning are His mercies
	And His faithfulness so great;
	His compassions fail us never
	If before His throne we wait.

God is faithful to deliver
From the tempter’s subtle snare,
And provides the strength to suffer
In temptations hard to bear.

God is faithful in confirming
Every promise to His own,
And He keeps them from the evil
As they cling to Him alone.

God is faithful, souls to welcome
To His fellowship of love,
Where there’s peace and love abounding
Till they reach their home above.

Copyright: ©

 abounding above all alone along and are as bear before both chosen cling compassions confirming day dealings deliver each every evil fail faithful faithfulness fellowship from god great hard he him his home if in is judgment keeps love mercies mercy morning never new of own peace pilgrim promise provides reach snare so souls strength subtle suffer temptations tempter’s the their them there’s they throne till to us wait way we welcome where 

----------------------------------------

233. My Saviour Bids Me Sing

My Saviour bids me sing His praise,
Adore His wondrous works and ways;
His life within, His love and peace,
Inspire a song which cannot cease.

	My Lord and I shall never part;
	He reigns supreme within my heart.
	With all the joyful saints above,
	I’ll praise the God whose name is Love.

He came from God the Father’s heart
To take the guilty sinner’s part;
Love paid the price none other could,
For our redemption shed His blood.

Although a stranger in the land,
I will obey my Lord’s command;
In Him my restless heart is still,
Resigned to His most holy will.

A pilgrim in the heavenly way,
I trust Him in the evil day;
Clothed in His armour, I shall stand,
Protected by His mighty hand.

When life is over I shall dwell
With Him my soul has loved so well,
Clothed in His righteousness complete,
To fall and worship at His feet.

Copyright: ©

 a above adore all although and armour at bids blood by came cannot cease clothed command complete could day dwell evil fall father’s feet for from god guilty hand has he heart heavenly him his holy i in inspire is i’ll joyful land life lord lord’s love loved me mighty most my name never none obey other our over paid part peace pilgrim praise price protected redemption reigns resigned restless righteousness saints saviour shall shed sing sinner’s so song soul stand still stranger supreme take the to trust way ways well when which whose will with within wondrous works worship 

----------------------------------------

234. I Worship Thee

I worship Thee, sweet Will of God,
And all Thy ways adore;
And every day I live I seem
To love Thee more and more.

I love to trace each print where Thou
Hast set Thine unseen feet;
I cannot fear Thee, blessèd Will,
Thine empire is so sweet.

I have no cares, O blessèd Will,
For all my cares are Thine;
I live in triumph, Lord, for Thou
Hast made Thy triumphs mine!

When obstacles and trials seem
Like prison walls to be,
I do the little I can do
And leave the rest to Thee.

He always wins who sides with God–
To Him no chance is lost;
God’s will is sweetest to him when
It triumphs at his cost.

 adore all always and are at be blessèd can cannot cares chance cost day do each empire every fear feet for god god’s hast have he him his i in is it leave like little live lord lost love made mine more my no o obstacles of print prison rest seem set sides so sweet sweetest the thee thine thou thy to trace trials triumph triumphs unseen walls ways when where who will wins with worship 

----------------------------------------

235. From Lips of Babes

From lips of babes, Thy perfect praise
Shall rise as incense to Thy throne;
For he who humbly Christ obeys
Doth speak with wisdom not his own.

From lips of babes, by Thy decree,
Strength is ordained to still the foe;
For so it seemeth good to Thee:
I thank Thee Thou hast planned it so.

From lips of babes, O blessèd Lord,
From humble hearts– Thy Spirit’s home–
The truths eternal shall be heard
That wise and prudent have not known.

Then, make of me a little child,
Though chastened oft my spirit be
Till I awaken satisfied,
And Christ be magnified in me.

Copyright: ©

 a and as awaken babes be blessèd by chastened child christ decree doth eternal foe for from good hast have he heard hearts his home humble humbly i in incense is it known lips little lord magnified make me my not o obeys of oft ordained own perfect planned praise prudent rise satisfied seemeth shall so speak spirit spirit’s still strength thank that the thee then thou though throne thy till to truths who wisdom wise with 

----------------------------------------

236. My Heart O’erflows

My heart o’erflows with praise to God alway,
For needed grace He gives me day by day,
Which is sufficient to enable me
To fight the battle, gain the victory.
How restful is my heart when this I know:
According to my need, He’ll grace bestow.

Midst fiery trials and when tempted sore,
In tender care He points me to that door–
The entrance of the quiet, secret place,
Where I can wait before the throne of grace.
While waiting there I’m cleansed from sin and fear,
My strength renewed, the way made plain and clear.

As in this present, evil world I see
So much that would defile and hinder me,
It surely causes me to cleave the more
Unto the Lord, and have His grace in store,
That in all things I may keep pure and clean,
Still live for things this world has never seen.

I long to live so that my life will show
How much it means such boundless grace to know,
That every weary, fearful soul I meet,
Who day by day is suffering from defeat,
Might through his tears and sorrows see in me
What he could share through grace so rich and free.

The One who knows the trials of each hour,
Knows flesh would fail, how much I need His power;
What rest it brings my heart to hear Him say,
“I’ll give you grace, no power my hand can stay.”
What rest it brings my heart to hear Him say,
“I’ll give you grace, no power my hand can stay.”

Copyright: ©

 according all alway and as battle before bestow boundless brings by can care causes clean cleansed clear cleave could day defeat defile door each enable entrance every evil fail fear fearful fiery fight flesh for free from gain give gives god grace hand has have he hear heart he’ll him hinder his hour how i in is it i’ll i’m keep know knows life live long lord made may me means meet midst might more much my need needed never no of one o’erflows place plain points power praise present pure quiet renewed rest restful rich say secret see seen share show sin so sore sorrows soul stay still store strength such suffering sufficient surely tears tempted tender that the there things this throne through to trials unto victory wait waiting way weary what when where which while who will with world would you 

----------------------------------------

237. O God, I Thank Thee

O God, I thank Thee for the way
That’s opened up to me;
From darkness Thou hast shown me light,
The dawn has broken after night;
:: My heart responds to Thee. ::

My soul lifts up to Thee its praise,
And thankful is my heart
For all the blessings Thou hast given,
For all the moments Thou hast striven
:: To teach the better part. ::

I know that I am sinful, Lord;
My heart cries out to Thee
To help me conquer self and sin
And all that’s not like Thee within,
:: So that my soul be free. ::

I long to walk the narrow way
With heart and purpose free,
That others may see in my life
A freedom from all woe and strife,
:: Enjoying life with Thee. ::

Copyright: ©

 a after all am and be better blessings broken conquer cries darkness dawn enjoying for free freedom from given god has hast heart help i in is its know life lifts light like long lord may me moments my narrow night not o opened others out part praise purpose responds see self shown sin sinful so soul strife striven teach thank thankful that that’s the thee thou to up walk way with within woe 

----------------------------------------

238. O Bless the Lord, My Soul

O bless the Lord, my soul!
Let all within me join
And aid my tongue to bless His name,
Whose favours are divine.
O bless the Lord, my soul,
Nor let His mercies lie
Forgotten in unthankfulness,
And without praises die.

’Tis He forgives thy sin;
’Tis He relieves thy pain;
’Tis He that heals thy sicknesses
And makes thee young again.
He fills the poor with good;
He gives the sufferers rest;
The Lord has judgments for the proud
And justice for the oppressed.

God will not always chide,
But when His strokes are felt,
His strokes are fewer than our crimes
And lighter than our guilt.
High as the heavens are raised
Above the ground we tread,
So far the riches of His grace
Our highest thoughts exceed.

The pity of the Lord
To those that fear His name,
Is such as tender parents feel:
He knows our feeble frame.
Our days are as the grass
Or like the morning flower:
If one sharp blast sweep o’er the field,
It withers in an hour.

 above again aid all always an and are as blast bless but chide crimes days die divine exceed far favours fear feeble feel felt fewer field fills flower for forgives forgotten frame gives god good grace grass ground guilt has he heals heavens high highest his hour if in is it join judgments justice knows let lie lighter like lord makes me mercies morning my name nor not o of one oppressed or our o’er pain parents pity poor praises proud raised relieves rest riches sharp sicknesses sin so soul strokes such sufferers sweep tender than that the thee those thoughts thy tis to tongue tread unthankfulness we when whose will with withers within without young 

----------------------------------------

239. Our Hearts O’erflow

Lord, our hearts o’erflow with praises
For the riches of Thy love,
For this wondrous gospel story
Sent to earth from heaven above;
For that life of love so lowly,
For the cross of Calvary,
For the resurrection morning
And our living hope in Thee.

For this fellowship so precious
That unites us by Thy grace,
Growing fuller, deeper, stronger,
Sundered not by time nor space.
Bind us closer, Lord, and closer:
As one body may we be,
And our love to one another
Manifest our love for Thee.

In this world of doubt and darkness,
Through us may the Light now shine,
And our lives reflect a measure
Of Thy boundless love divine.
Teach us, Lord, to lift the burden
Of the weary traveller’s load,
And to journey on together,
Ever on the homeward road.

So, through all our pilgrim journey
Keep us faithful, Lord, we pray,
Till, with trumpet loudly sounding,
Breaks the dawn of endless day.
Then from distant lands, united,
Gathered to Thy wounded side–
Come! Lord Jesus, Come! Lord Jesus,
Haste to claim Thy chosen bride.

Copyright: ©

 a above all and another as be bind body boundless breaks bride burden by calvary chosen claim closer come cross darkness dawn day deeper distant divine doubt earth endless ever faithful fellowship for from fuller gathered gospel grace growing haste hearts heaven homeward hope in jesus journey keep lands life lift light lives living load lord loudly love lowly manifest may measure morning nor not now of on one our o’erflow pilgrim praises pray precious reflect resurrection riches road sent shine side so sounding space story stronger sundered teach that the thee then this through thy till time to together traveller’s trumpet united unites us we weary with wondrous world wounded 

----------------------------------------

240. We Thank Thee, Lord, for Weary Days

We thank Thee, Lord, for weary days,
When desert springs were dry,
And first we knew what depth of need
Thy love could satisfy;
Days when, beneath the desert sun,
Along the toilsome road,
O’er roughest ways we walked with One,
That One, the Son of God.

We thank Thee for that rest in Him
The weary only know–
The perfect, wondrous sympathy
We needs must learn below;
The sweet companionship of One
Who once the desert trod;
The glorious fellowship with One
Upon the throne of God.

The joy no desolations here
Can reach or cloud or dim–
The present Lord, the living God,
And we alone with Him.
When in the glory and the rest
We joyfully adore,
Remembering the desert way,
We yet shall praise Him more.

Rememb’ring how, amid our toil,
Our conflict and our sin,
He brought the water for our thirst–
It cost His blood to win;
And now in perfect peace we go
Along the way He trod,
Still learning from all need below
Depths of the heart of God.

 adore all alone along amid and below beneath blood brought can cloud companionship conflict cost could days depth depths desert desolations dim dry fellowship first for from glorious glory go god he heart here him his how in it joy joyfully knew know learn learning living lord love more must need needs no now of once one only or our o’er peace perfect praise present reach remembering rememb’ring rest road roughest satisfy shall sin son springs still sun sweet sympathy thank that the thee thirst throne thy to toil toilsome trod upon walked water way ways we weary were what when who win with wondrous yet 

----------------------------------------

241. The Truth of God

The truth of God so precious
I value more each day,
As with a contrite heart I walk
With Jesus in the way;
The lowly way which most despise,
I glory now to tread;
Anointed eyes see always
Jesus ahead.

The path of life, I’ve found it
In Jesus most complete;
Though now cast out and suffering,
His fellowship is sweet.
He’s God’s own plan and pattern,
The new and living way;
My joy it is to follow
With Him each day.

I’m glad He ever found me
And came to dwell within,
The stronger than the strong man,
Who saves me now from sin;
’Twas life I got, not theory:
His voice I did obey
And entered in by Jesus,
God’s only way.

Now I’ve a tender Shepherd
Who leads to pastures new;
His voice, it is my comfort,
His hand, ’tis strong and true;
I long to follow closer,
Still nearer to His side:
I never can forsake Him–
He is my guide.

Copyright: ©

 a ahead always and anointed as by came can cast closer comfort complete contrite day despise did dwell each entered ever eyes fellowship follow forsake found from glad glory god god’s got guide hand he heart he’s him his i in is it i’m i’ve jesus joy leads life living long lowly man me more most my nearer never new not now obey of only out own pastures path pattern plan precious saves see shepherd side sin so still strong stronger suffering sweet tender than the theory though tis to tread true truth twas value voice walk way which who with within 

----------------------------------------

242. The Name of Our Saviour

The name of our Saviour is dear to our heart;
We’ve learned that no other can true joy impart.
We thrill with true rapture at sound of His voice;
He calms every tempest and bids us rejoice.

	His smile as I journey brings peace to my soul;
	His touch makes me glad of His loving control;
	His love fills my heart with a hope strong and sure,
	And gives me a longing to keep my heart pure.

When we were yet helpless He saw our sad plight;
As naked and wounded we groped for the light.
His love pierced the gloom of our bitter distress,
And into our souls came His gentle caress.

One night as He poured out His soul for the world,
And legions of darkness against Him were hurled,
He knew that His blood was the price and not gold,
And offered His life for the lambs of His fold.

Copyright: ©

 a against and as at bids bitter blood brings calms came can caress control darkness dear distress every fills fold for gentle gives glad gloom gold groped he heart helpless him his hope hurled i impart into is journey joy keep knew lambs learned legions life light longing love loving makes me my naked name night no not of offered one other our out peace pierced plight poured price pure rapture rejoice sad saviour saw smile soul souls sound strong sure tempest that the thrill to touch true us voice was we were we’ve when with world wounded yet 

----------------------------------------

243. Upon a Lonely Mount

Upon a lonely mount,
Obeying God’s behest,
A father offered up his son:
It was his very best.

	Gladly yielding all,
	Moved by love divine,
	Proving we are not our own,
	For all we have is Thine.

Once in a lowly home
A soul did what she could:
She broke the alabaster box–
She truly worshipped God.

In spirit and in truth
We all must worship Thee,
Who gave Thyself a sacrifice
And died to set us free.

The faithful round the throne
Say all with one accord,
“All praise and glory be to Him:
All worthy is our Lord.”

 a accord alabaster all and are be behest best box broke by could did died divine faithful father for free gave gladly glory god god’s have him his home in is it lonely lord love lowly mount moved must not obeying offered once one our own praise proving round sacrifice say set she son soul spirit the thee thine throne thyself to truly truth up upon us very was we what who with worship worshipped worthy yielding 

----------------------------------------

244. My Heart Is Resting

My heart is resting, O my God!
I will give thanks and sing;
My heart is at the secret source
Of every precious thing.
Now the frail vessel Thou hast made
No hand but Thine shall fill,
For the waters of this world have failed,
And I am thirsty still.

I thirst for springs of heavenly life,
And here all day they rise;
I seek the treasure of Thy love,
And close at hand it lies.
And a new song is in my mouth,
To long-loved music set–
Glory to Thee for all Thy grace
I have not tasted yet.

Glory to Thee for strength withheld,
For want and weakness known,
And the fear that sends me to Thyself
For what is most mine own.
I have a heritage of joy
That yet I must not see,
But the hand that bled to make it mine
Is keeping it for me.

My heart is resting, O my God!
My heart is in Thy care;
I hear the voice of joy and health
Resounding everywhere.
“Thou art my portion,” saith my soul,
Ten thousand voices say;
And the music of their glad Amen
Will never die away.

 a all am amen and art at away bled but care close day die every everywhere failed fear fill for frail give glad glory god grace hand hast have health hear heart heavenly here heritage i in is it joy keeping known lies life long love loved made make me mine most mouth music must my never new no not now o of own portion precious resounding resting rise saith say secret see seek sends set shall sing song soul source springs still strength tasted ten thanks that the thee their they thine thing thirst thirsty this thou thousand thy thyself to treasure vessel voice voices want waters weakness what will withheld world yet 

----------------------------------------

245. Songs of Zion

Sing to me the songs of Zion,
Sweetest songs of all on earth.
Let the rich man sing of treasures
And the worldling sing of mirth;
But the songs of God’s own children,
Sounding forth in joyful days,
Stir the weary heart to gladness,
Wake the soul to tuneful praise.

Sing to me when dawn’s first wakening
Brightens blooms all wet with dew;
Tell in song of God’s great mercies,
Which are every morning new;
And when day has aged to noontide
And the heart is pressed with care,
Sing thy song of intercession
That will call my soul to prayer.

Sing to me sweet songs of Zion
When I see life’s evening star,
And my barque is slowly drifting
Out across time’s lonely bar;
If perchance I may be fearing,
Sweet will sound some blest refrain;
Sing to me the songs of Zion,
Let me hear them once again.

Sing the song of resurrection
When the Lord Himself shall come,
And the heart shall know not sorrow,
For the pilgrim will be home.
Then ten thousand thousand voices
Blend the chorus all as one;
’Tis a new song they are singing:
’Tis the song of God’s dear Son.

Copyright: ©

 a across again aged all and are as bar barque be blend blest blooms brightens but call care children chorus come dawn’s day days dear dew drifting earth evening every fearing first for forth gladness god’s great has hear heart himself home i if in intercession is joyful know let life’s lonely lord man may me mercies mirth morning my new noontide not of on once one out own perchance pilgrim praise prayer pressed refrain resurrection rich see shall sing singing slowly some son song songs sorrow soul sound sounding star stir sweet sweetest tell ten that the them then they thousand thy time’s tis to treasures tuneful voices wake wakening weary wet when which will with worldling zion 

----------------------------------------

246. All My Springs Arise in Jesus

All my springs arise in Jesus–
He my inmost need supplies,
Satisfies my heart’s deep longings,
Quells the fears which oft arise.
I sit down beneath His shadow,
Resting there with great delight;
Sweet refreshing in His presence,
Songs He giveth in the night.

All my springs arise in Jesus–
Love empowers the highest choice;
Though I sleep, my heart awaketh
At the sound of His dear voice.
Come to me, my Well-belovèd:
Gloom departs when Thou art near–
Source and fount of living waters,
Joy and health and hope and cheer.

All my springs arise in Jesus–
I have found Him whom I love;
He has kindly looked upon me,
Fixed my heart on things above.
He is chief among ten thousand,
My Redeemer, Saviour, Friend;
In His eyes I have found favour,
Loved with love which knows no end.

All my springs arise in Jesus–
In His favour there is life;
In His wondrous love abiding,
There is rest from sin and strife.
He will keep me free from evil
Till the dawn of endless day;
I shall see Him in His beauty
When the shadows flee away.

Copyright: ©

 abiding above all among and arise art at awaketh away beauty belovèd beneath cheer chief choice come dawn day dear deep delight departs down empowers end endless evil eyes favour fears fixed flee found fount free friend from giveth gloom great has have he health heart heart’s highest him his hope i in inmost is jesus joy keep kindly knows life living longings looked love loved me my near need night no of oft on presence quells redeemer refreshing rest resting satisfies saviour see shadow shadows shall sin sit sleep songs sound source springs strife supplies sweet ten the there things thou though thousand till to upon voice waters well when which whom will with wondrous 

----------------------------------------

247. How Sweet It Is

How sweet it is when, weaned from all,
We follow Jesus’ secret call
And hidden in Him live!
How sweet to be released from sin
And freed from all self-love within,
To God alone to cleave!

How sweet, when with a childlike grace
We walk before the Father’s face
And seek but Him to please!
How sweet, when we to all below
A meek and quiet spirit show,
And live in perfect peace!

How sweet, when all our powers and will,
Subdued, resigned, serene and still,
At God’s disposal lie!
How sweet, when every lofty thought
Is into due submission brought
Before the omniscient eye!

How sweet, when, after wasting strength,
The spirit finds its home at length
And roams no more abroad!
How sweet, in pure and perfect love,
To soar through sense to things above
And dwell for aye with God!

 a above abroad after all alone and at aye be before below brought but call childlike cleave disposal due dwell every eye face father’s finds follow for freed from god god’s grace hidden him home how in into is it its jesus length lie live lofty love meek more no omniscient our peace perfect please powers pure quiet released resigned roams secret seek self sense serene show sin soar spirit still strength subdued submission sweet the things thought through to walk wasting we weaned when will with within 

----------------------------------------

248. How Blest Are They

How blest are they that fear the Lord,
Their Father and their King;
With reverent, grateful hearts, to Him
All honour, praise they bring.

	Lord, we beseech Thee,
	Hear our entreaty;
	Come in Thy mercy,
	Teaching us Thy fear.

About the ones who fear Him shall
His angels camp around.
There is no want to those who have
This sanctuary found.

This fear of God a fount shall be,
Of life that endless is;
And satisfied shall he abide
Who makes that fountain his.

Who shall not fear Thee, King of saints,
Of whom all heaven sings?
Rise, Sun of Righteousness, we pray,
With healing in Thy wings.

Copyright: ©

 a abide about all and angels are around be beseech blest bring camp come endless entreaty father fear found fount fountain god grateful have he healing hear hearts heaven him his honour how in is king life lord makes mercy no not of ones our praise pray reverent righteousness rise saints sanctuary satisfied shall sings sun teaching that the thee their there they this those thy to us want we who whom wings with 

----------------------------------------

249. How Precious Is the Word

How precious is the word of God
To contrite hearts and pure;
How gracious are His promises,
So steadfast, safe and sure.

	When I’m decreasing,
	Self-love is ceasing,
	Christ is increasing,
	Filling all my heart.

How full of joy and sweet content
The souls who seek His face;
And weaned from self His fullness prove,
Receiving grace for grace.

Thus joyful in the place of prayer
Their hearts like incense rise,
An offering pure, acceptable,
A willing sacrifice.

How rich is the abundant store
To those who freely give,
Without reserve, the life He bought;
Receiving life they live.

Copyright: ©

 a abundant acceptable all an and are bought ceasing christ content contrite decreasing face filling for freely from full fullness give god grace gracious he heart hearts his how in incense increasing is i’m joy joyful life like live love my of offering place prayer precious promises prove pure receiving reserve rich rise sacrifice safe seek self so souls steadfast store sure sweet the their they those thus to weaned when who willing without word 

----------------------------------------

250. My Saviour Speaks

My Saviour speaks! I hear His kindly voice;
It thrills my soul and makes my heart rejoice.
Amid earth’s gloom the Lamb of God I see,
The One who loved and gave Himself for me.

How sweet to know, God’s pure and spotless Son
My inmost heart’s affection now has won!
For me He left His Father’s home on high;
Oh! wondrous love, that He, my Lord, should die.

Oh! precious fellowship, divinely sweet!
With joy I worship at my Saviour’s feet.
In wonder and amazement I adore
And plead for grace to love Him more and more.

No more a stranger to His love and grace,
But reconciled, I now behold His face.
Unspeakable the bliss, the precious rest,
In peace reclining on my Saviour’s breast.

Copyright: ©

 a adore affection amazement amid and at behold bliss breast but die divinely earth’s face father’s feet fellowship for gave gloom god god’s grace has he hear heart heart’s high him himself his home how i in inmost it joy kindly know lamb left lord love loved makes me more my no now of oh on one peace plead precious pure reclining reconciled rejoice rest saviour saviour’s see should son soul speaks spotless stranger sweet that the thrills to unspeakable voice who with won wonder wondrous worship 

----------------------------------------

251. O Don’t Be Led Captive

O don’t be led captive from Zion to roam,
Away from that city which God calls His own;
Abide and sing praises, lest one day you see
Your harps hung in silence on some willow tree.

	O don’t be led captive by friend or by foe,
	To weep where the rivers of Babylon flow,
	And sadly remember the sanctified throng,
	When asked by your captors for Zion’s new song.

The songs of Mount Zion, though sweetly they ring,
In lands of a stranger you never could sing;
The children of Edom all with one accord
Would mock you for singing the praise of the Lord.

Oh, soon may all cunning forsake my right hand,
If I forget Zion, that city so grand;
My tongue to sing praises I ne’er shall employ,
Except I keep Zion above my chief joy.

Copyright: ©

 a abide above accord all and asked away babylon be by calls captive captors chief children city could cunning day don’t edom employ except flow foe for forget forsake friend from god grand hand harps his hung i if in joy keep lands led lest lord may mock mount my never new ne’er o of oh on one or own praise praises remember right ring rivers roam sadly sanctified see shall silence sing singing so some song songs soon stranger sweetly that the they though throng to tongue tree weep when where which willow with would you your zion zion’s 

----------------------------------------

252. My Soul’s Desire

With my soul have I desired Thee,
When earth’s shadows round me fall;
Unto Thee my spirit seeketh:
Father, hear me when I call.
Lord, without Thee all is dreary,
All is barren, desolate;
Speak to me, O loving Father,
While I in Thy presence wait.

With my soul have I desired Thee,
O Thou fairest of the fair;
Let me now behold Thy beauty;
Let me rest beneath Thy care.
Purify my heart and cleanse me,
From defilement keep me free;
Thou canst make me pure and holy;
Thou art my sufficiency.

With my soul have I desired Thee:
Thou alone canst satisfy;
Comfort, joy and consolation
Come forth when Thou drawest nigh.
Thou art life and light and gladness;
Yearns my heart Thy face to see;
In Thy presence is salvation,
Rest from all anxiety.

With my soul have I desired Thee,
Altogether lovely One;
Thy great work of re-creation
In my life Thou hast begun.
Grant that I may bear Thine image,
Help me choose the better part;
Seal me as Thine own forever,
Write Thy law within my heart.

Copyright: ©

 all alone altogether and anxiety art as barren bear beauty begun behold beneath better call canst care choose cleanse come comfort consolation creation defilement desired desolate drawest dreary earth’s face fair fairest fall father forever forth free from gladness grant great hast have hear heart help holy i image in is joy keep law let life light lord lovely loving make may me my nigh now o of one own part presence pure purify re rest round salvation satisfy seal see seeketh shadows soul speak spirit sufficiency that the thee thine thou thy to unto wait when while with within without work write yearns 

----------------------------------------

253. I’m Satisfied in Jesus Now

I’m satisfied in Jesus now,
My restless soul is calm and still;
My weary heart has found its home,
My joy it is to do His will.
Then sing, my soul, in sweetest song,
My captive spirit now is free;
At His behest I follow on–
His, only His, henceforth to be.

	Oh! fellowship supremely sweet,
	Oh! matchless love so pure, divine;
	My soul has found a sure retreat–
	The lowly Jesus now is mine.

His love has overpowered my heart,
No longer I in sin repine;
Secure from Satan’s fiery dart,
On Jesus’ breast I now recline.
I hear His kindly whispered word;
With beauty rare His face doth shine;
I feel the pressure of His hand,
Assuring me that He is mine.

I’ll follow Him, the sinless One,
And all His marvellous way adore,
Until I stand complete in Him,
His image bear forevermore.
When life’s short journey here will end,
And I at last shall reach the goal,
What rapture to behold His face,
While the eternal ages roll!

Copyright: ©

 a adore ages all and assuring at be bear beauty behest behold breast calm captive complete dart divine do doth end eternal face feel fellowship fiery follow forevermore found free from goal hand has he hear heart henceforth here him his home i image in is it its i’ll i’m jesus journey joy kindly last life’s longer love lowly marvellous matchless me mine my no now of oh on one only overpowered pressure pure rapture rare reach recline repine restless retreat roll satan’s satisfied secure shall shine short sin sing sinless so song soul spirit stand still supremely sure sweet sweetest that the then to until way weary what when while whispered will with word 

----------------------------------------

254. I Love the Perfect Way

I love the perfect way
That leads to God and rest;
I love to follow Jesus here,
Obeying His behest.

	I love my Shepherd true;
	His choice my choice shall be;
	His holy will shall be my will,
	That He may live in me.

He found me deep in sin,
With sorrow in my heart;
He filled my soul with joy and peace
And bid my sins depart.

I love His holy name,
Delight with Him to dwell;
The love of God, so sweet to me,
My tongue can never tell.

It is His life that gives
Me power to walk with God;
And this is why I love the path
Where Jesus’ feet have trod.

He ever will control
The yielded life and will,
In humble, contrite hearts, delight
His purpose to fulfil.

Copyright: ©

 and be behest bid can choice contrite control deep delight depart dwell ever feet filled follow found fulfil gives god have he heart hearts here him his holy humble i in is it jesus joy leads life live love may me my name never obeying of path peace perfect power purpose rest shall shepherd sin sins so sorrow soul sweet tell that the this to tongue trod true walk way where why will with yielded 

----------------------------------------

255. Master, Speak

Master, speak! Thy servant heareth,
Waiting for Thy gracious word,
Longing for Thy voice that cheereth;
Master, let it now be heard.
I am listening, Lord, for Thee;
What hast Thou to say to me?

Speak to me by name, O Master;
Let me know it is to me.
Speak, that I may follow faster,
With a step more firm and free,
Where the Shepherd leads the flock,
In the shadow of the Rock.

Master, speak! Though least and lowest,
Let me not unheard depart;
Master, speak! for oh, Thou knowest
All the yearning of my heart,
Knowest all its truest need;
Speak! and make me blest indeed.

Master, speak! and make me ready,
When Thy voice is truly heard,
With obedience glad and steady,
Still to follow every word.
I am listening, Lord, for Thee;
Master, speak, O speak to me!

 a all am and be blest by cheereth depart every faster firm flock follow for free glad gracious hast heard heareth heart i in indeed is it its know knowest leads least let listening longing lord lowest make master may me more my name need not now o obedience of oh ready rock say servant shadow shepherd speak steady step still that the thee thou though thy to truest truly unheard voice waiting what when where with word yearning 

----------------------------------------

256. Speak, Lord

Speak, Lord, in the stillness,
While I wait on Thee;
Hush my heart to listen
In expectancy.

Speak, O blessèd Master,
In this quiet hour;
Let me see Thy face, Lord,
Feel Thy touch of power.

For the words Thou speakest,
They are life indeed;
Living bread from heaven
Now my spirit feed.

All to Thee is yielded–
I am not mine own;
Blissful, glad surrender–
I am Thine alone.

Speak, Thy servant heareth;
Be not silent, Lord!
Waits my soul upon Thee
For the quick’ning word.

Fill me with the knowledge
Of Thy glorious will;
All Thine own good pleasure,
In Thy child fulfil.

 all alone am are be blessèd blissful bread child expectancy face feed feel fill for from fulfil glad glorious good heareth heart heaven hour hush i in indeed is knowledge let life listen living lord master me mine my not now o of on own pleasure power quick’ning quiet see servant silent soul speak speakest spirit stillness surrender the thee they thine this thou thy to touch upon wait waits while will with word words yielded 

----------------------------------------

257. Thy Child

My Father, hear this earnest plea
I lift to heaven above:
O help me so to yield to Thee
That in me there may ever be
:: The spirit of a child. ::

Within this life of mine fulfil
Thy purpose all divine;
Beneath Thy hand, O keep me still,
Submitting gladly to Thy will,
:: Obedient as a child. ::

Yet, yielding up my all, I see
’Tis but Thine own I yield,
For every gift has come from Thee;
So may I ever thankful be
:: And humble as a child. ::

Then guide me, gracious Father, guide
Until this life is o’er;
Enfold me closer to Thy side,
And let me ever there abide,
:: Eternally Thy child. ::

Copyright: ©

 a abide above all and as be beneath but child closer come divine earnest enfold eternally ever every father for from fulfil gift gladly gracious guide hand has hear heaven help humble i in is keep let life lift may me mine my o obedient of own o’er plea purpose see side so spirit still submitting thankful that the thee then there thine this thy tis to until up will within yet yield yielding 

----------------------------------------

258. Hidden

Lord, within my heart doth dwell
A sweet thought that naught can quell;
For I know that Thou hast given
Unto me the peace of heaven,
And my life secure shall be–
It is hid with Christ in Thee.

Hidden safe from earth’s alarms,
Neath Thine everlasting arms,
Saved and kept by love divine,
Oh, what rest of heart is mine,
Knowing that my life shall be
Ever hid with Christ in Thee.

Hid with Him, who is to me
Life and peace eternally,
Him who walked death’s lonely way,
That my ransom He might pay,
Dying that my life might be
Ever hid with Christ in Thee.

Copyright: ©

 a alarms and arms be by can christ death’s divine doth dwell dying earth’s eternally ever everlasting for from given hast he heart heaven hid hidden him i in is it kept know knowing life lonely lord love me might mine my naught neath of oh pay peace quell ransom rest safe saved secure shall sweet that the thee thine thou thought to unto walked way what who with within 

----------------------------------------

259. Lord, in My Need

Lord, in my need I seek Thy face
And humbly ask for power
To aid me as I live this day,
True to Thee hour by hour.

And though my lot be cast today
Somewhere I would not choose,
Help me to know that in Thy will
I shall but gain, not lose.

If just Thy presence, Lord, be mine,
Then undisturbed I’ll be;
And should an adverse wind arise,
Quiet, I’ll rest in Thee.

And if today my path be dark–
Shadows on every side–
Grasp Thou my hand more tightly, Lord,
Guard me till eventide.

Copyright: ©

 adverse aid an and arise as ask be but by cast choose dark day eventide every face for gain grasp guard hand help hour humbly i if in i’ll just know live lord lose lot me mine more my need not on path power presence quiet rest seek shadows shall should side somewhere that thee then this thou though thy tightly till to today true undisturbed will wind would 

----------------------------------------

260. Dear Lord, When Dark

Dear Lord, when dark and stormy seems our way,
O teach us how to truly watch and pray;
And may we from our hearts sincerely say,
“Thy will be done.”

Dear Lord, when powers of earth and sin oppose,
When test of heart and spirit keener grows,
We rest in this– our heavenly Father knows;
“Thy will be done.”

Dear Lord, though sufferings press upon our soul,
Though sorrow’s waves upon our spirit roll,
Or disappointments come, be this our goal:
“Thy will be done.”

Dear Lord, we need Thy cleansing every day;
We long to walk as one within Thy way,
Control of all upon Thy shoulders lay–
“Thy will be done.”

Dear Lord, Thy faithful life inspires us now
To overcome, as Thou didst teach us how;
So, Father, help us in Thy sight to vow,
“Thy will be done.”

Copyright: ©

 all and as be cleansing come control dark day dear didst disappointments done earth every faithful father from goal grows heart hearts heavenly help how in inspires keener knows lay life long lord may need now o of one oppose or our overcome powers pray press rest roll say seems shoulders sight sin sincerely so sorrow’s soul spirit stormy sufferings teach test this thou though thy to truly upon us vow walk watch waves way we when will within 

----------------------------------------

261. Not My Will, but Thine

There are times in life when the way seems dark,
And it’s hard just to understand;
But I know Thine eye watches from on high,
And there’s grace for each step Thou’st planned.

	Help me say, “Not my will, but Thine,”
	Help me yield to Thy plan divine;
	Lord, Thy power I need and for grace I plead,
	Just to say, “Not my will, but Thine.”

Lord, it’s not in me as I walk each day
To direct my own steps aright:
Keep me by Thy side, may Thy hand e’er guide,
Lest I stray from the path of light.

Help me always be as a tender plant
That would bend to Thine every touch.
Lord, within me dwell; I would not rebel,
For I need Thee, oh! so much.

Help me see things now as I’ll one day see,
When my life ends and I go hence;
Then I’ll answer yes and will forward press
With respect to the recompense.

Copyright: ©

 a always and answer are aright as be bend but by dark day direct divine dwell each ends every eye e’er for forward from go grace guide hand hard help hence high i in it’s i’ll just keep know lest life light lord may me much my need not now of oh on one own path plan planned plant plead power press rebel recompense respect say see seems side so step steps stray tender that the thee then there there’s thine things thou’st thy times to touch understand walk watches way when will with within would yes yield 

----------------------------------------

262. Patiently Continue

Patiently continue in the way with Jesus,
Joyfully obeying the Father’s blessèd will;
Mid sin’s angry billows, hearken to Him calling
Over the waters, saying “Peace, be still.”

“I will never leave thee,” sweetest words of comfort
From the lips of Jesus, who walked life’s troubled sea,
“Thou art not forsaken, I am with thee always;
Darkness or sunshine, ever follow me.”

None so true and tender as the Man of Sorrows;
From this world’s illusions, O let Him keep thee free.
He will lead thee onward to inherit glory;
Riches unfading He will give to thee.

Patiently continue with Him in the conflict,
Patiently enduring with Him unto the end,
Numbered with His chosen, found among the faithful,
One on whom Jesus always can depend.

Copyright: ©

 always am among and angry art as be billows blessèd calling can chosen comfort conflict continue darkness depend end enduring ever faithful father’s follow forsaken found free from give glory he hearken him his i illusions in inherit jesus joyfully keep lead leave let life’s lips man me mid never none not numbered o obeying of on one onward or over patiently peace riches saying sea sin’s so sorrows still sunshine sweetest tender the thee this thou to troubled true unfading unto walked waters way who whom will with words world’s 

----------------------------------------

263. Thou Sweet, Belovèd Will

Thou sweet, belovèd Will of God,
My anchor ground, my fortress hill,
My spirit’s silent, fair abode,
In Thee I hide me and am still.

O Will that willest good alone,
Lead Thou the way, Thou guidest best;
A little child, I follow on
And, trusting, lean upon Thy breast.

Thy beautiful, sweet Will, my God,
Holds fast in its sublime embrace
My captive will, a gladsome bird,
Prisoned in such a realm of grace.

Oh, lightest burden, sweetest yoke!
It lifts, it bears my happy soul,
Thy Will gives wings to this poor heart:
My freedom is Thy grand control.

Thy wonderful, grand Will, my God,
With triumph now I make it mine;
And faith shall cry a joyous “Yes!”
To every dear command of Thine.

 a abode alone am anchor and bears beautiful belovèd best bird breast burden captive child command control cry dear embrace every fair faith fast follow fortress freedom gives gladsome god good grace grand ground guidest happy heart hide hill holds i in is it its joyous lead lean lifts lightest little make me mine my now o of oh on poor prisoned realm shall silent soul spirit’s still sublime such sweet sweetest that the thee thine this thou thy to triumph trusting upon way will willest wings with wonderful yes yoke 

----------------------------------------

264. With Heart Resigned

With heart resigned and will subdued,
I sit at Jesus’ feet;
He is my law, my life, my all–
In Him I am complete.

In all humility I learn
His gracious, holy will;
I hearken and obey His voice,
Submissive, pliant, still.

The law of sin and death would rise
To draw me from this rest;
But held in His almighty arms,
I lean upon His breast.

The law of Christ within my heart
Is strong to keep me free;
Obedience to the mind of Christ
Brings inward purity.

The pure in heart shall see His face;
He is their hope and joy;
How sweet the tranquil rest He gives,
And peace without alloy.

The voice of God, so still and sweet,
Speaks to my inmost soul:
I will obey, and Christ shall have
Dominion and control.

Copyright: ©

 all alloy almighty am and arms at breast brings but christ complete control death dominion draw face feet free from gives god gracious have he hearken heart held him his holy hope how humility i in inmost inward is jesus joy keep law lean learn life me mind my obedience obey of peace pliant pure purity resigned rest rise see shall sin sit so soul speaks still strong subdued submissive sweet the their this to tranquil upon voice will with within without would 

----------------------------------------

265. Help Me to Look to Thee

Help me to look to Thee when I am tried,
Resting my eyes upon the Crucified:
So can the race be run,
So can the task be done,
And then the victory won–
Jesus my Lord.

Help me to cling to Thee in every test,
Finding the grace to say, “Thy will is best.”
This still the choice for me,
This still the way must be,
Only to follow Thee–
Jesus my Lord.

Help me to rest in Thee from every care,
Bowed at Thy throne of grace– true solace there.
Night will be turned to day,
Tears will be wiped away:
Come quickly, then, I pray–
Jesus my Lord.

Copyright: ©

 am and at away be best bowed can care choice cling come crucified day done every eyes finding follow for from grace help i in is jesus look lord me must my night of only pray quickly race rest resting run say so solace still task tears test the thee then there this throne thy to tried true turned upon victory way when will wiped won 

----------------------------------------

266. Oh, for a Closer Walk

Oh, for a closer walk with God!
To hear His voice alway
And yield obedience to His word,
To do His will each day.

The will of God is always best:
It brings us sweet release;
Ceasing from self, we enter in
To His eternal peace.

To love our life is losing all,
And we alone remain;
Yielding to God, denying self,
A hundredfold we gain.

Doing His will now brings us power
To reign o’er self and sin;
’Tis only thus that we can have
True victory within.

Copyright: ©

 a all alone alway always and best brings can ceasing closer day denying do doing each enter eternal for from gain god have hear his hundredfold in is it life losing love now obedience of oh only our o’er peace power reign release remain self sin sweet that the thus tis to true us victory voice walk we will with within word yield yielding 

----------------------------------------

267. Baptized in Jesus’ Name

Baptized in Jesus’ name–
The path He trod for me
I follow now and humbly bow
In deep humility.

Baptized in Jesus’ name–
Buried with Him to be,
To count as dross all earthly loss:
To die is gain to me.

Baptized in Jesus’ name–
Risen with Him to be;
His life divine henceforth is mine,
And He shall reign in me.

Baptized in Jesus’ name–
I’ll seek the things above
And spend my days to serve and praise
The God whose name is Love.

Copyright: ©

 above all and as baptized be bow buried count days deep die divine dross earthly follow for gain god he henceforth him his humbly humility i in is i’ll jesus life loss love me mine my name now path praise reign risen seek serve shall spend the things to trod whose with 

----------------------------------------

268. Rejoicing in the Lord

Rejoicing in the Lord,
We walk His lowly way;
We love His precepts and His word,
And joyfully obey.
Baptized in Jesus’ name,
Renouncing self and sin:
To all the world we thus proclaim
The Saviour dwells within.

We heard the Saviour’s voice
When wandering far from God;
We yielded then and made our choice
To walk the path He trod.
Baptized in Jesus’ name–
Our source of life and bliss–
To all the world we thus proclaim
He is our righteousness.

With Jesus, here apart,
God’s holy will to do,
His Spirit sealing every heart
Will keep us firm and true.
Baptized in Jesus’ name–
Who died our souls to save–
To all the world we thus proclaim
Our hope beyond the grave.

He leads us by the hand,
Our Master true and kind;
Obedient now, at His command,
We leave the world behind.
Baptized in Jesus’ name–
Hushed is the voice of strife–
To all the world we thus proclaim
His Way and Truth and Life.

Copyright: ©

 all and apart at baptized behind beyond bliss by choice command died do dwells every far firm from god god’s grave hand he heard heart here his holy hope hushed in is jesus joyfully keep kind leads leave life lord love lowly made master name now obedient obey of our path precepts proclaim rejoicing renouncing righteousness save saviour saviour’s sealing self sin souls source spirit strife the then thus to trod true truth us voice walk wandering way we when who will with within word world yielded 

----------------------------------------

269. He Hath Blessed Us

When our soul is much discouraged
By the roughness of the way,
And the cross that we are bearing
Seemeth heavier every day,
When some cloud that overshadows,
Hides our Father’s face from view,
Oh, ’tis well then to remember,
He hath blessed us hitherto.

Looking back the long years over,
’Twas a varied path, and yet
All the way His hand hath led us,
Past each hindrance we have met,
Given us the pleasant places,
Cheered us all the journey through;
Passing through the deepest waters,
He hath blessed us hitherto.

Surely then our souls should trust Him,
Though the clouds be dark o’erhead;
We’ve a friend that draweth closer,
When all other friends have fled;
When our pilgrimage is over,
When the gates we’re going through,
We shall see with clearer vision
How He helped us hitherto.

Copyright: ©

 a all and are back be bearing blessed by cheered clearer closer cloud clouds cross dark day deepest discouraged draweth each every face father’s fled friend friends from gates given going hand hath have he heavier helped hides him hindrance his hitherto how is journey led long looking met much of oh other our over overshadows o’erhead passing past path pilgrimage places pleasant remember roughness see seemeth shall should some soul souls surely that the then though through tis to trust twas us varied view vision waters way we well we’re we’ve when with years yet 

----------------------------------------

270. Tomorrow’s Path

Tomorrow’s path to us is all unknown,
But we will walk today
And trust the future to the Father’s hand:
He knows and plans our way.

	In love the Father ever veils the future,
	Hides from us tomorrow’s care;
	For well He knows today’s own burdens are
	Enough for you and me to bear.

’Tis not by sight we walk this way of God;
But leaning on His love,
We follow, with a faith that questions not,
On toward the things above.

The dangers that so often hidden lie
Along the path we tread,
Are clear to God, and He will keep our feet
From snares that wait ahead.

When o’er our head the sky may clouded be,
Just hear the Father say,
“This, too, shall pass– it bears the promise of
A brighter, clearer day.”

Copyright: ©

 a above ahead all along and are be bear bears brighter burdens but by care clear clearer clouded dangers day enough ever faith father father’s feet follow for from future god hand he head hear hidden hides his in is it just keep knows leaning lie love may me not of often on our own o’er pass path plans promise questions say shall sight sky snares so that the things this tis to today today’s tomorrow’s too toward tread trust unknown us veils wait walk way we well when will with you 

----------------------------------------

271. I Know Not Why

I know not why God’s wondrous grace
To me He has made known,
Nor why, unworthy of such love,
He bought me for His own:

	But “I know whom I have believèd
	And am persuaded that He is able
	To keep that which I’ve committed
	Unto Him against that day.”

I know not how this saving faith
To me He did impart,
Nor how believing in His word
Wrought peace within my heart:

I know not how the Spirit moves,
Convincing men of sin,
Revealing Jesus through the word,
Creating faith in Him:

I know not when my Lord may come–
At night or noonday fair–
Nor when I’ll walk the vale with Him
Or meet Him in the air:

 able against air am and at believing believèd bought but come committed convincing creating day did fair faith for god’s grace has have he heart him his how i impart in is i’ll i’ve jesus keep know known lord love made may me meet men moves my night noonday nor not of or own peace persuaded revealing saving sin spirit such that the this through to unto unworthy vale walk when which whom why with within wondrous word wrought 

----------------------------------------

272. There Hath Not Failed

There hath not failed one word of all God promised
To give to us with His belovèd Son;
His word is more enduring than the heavens;
He’ll give us strength until our race is run.

Not one word failed; when we in time of sorrow
Cried unto Him, to us He comfort gave
And walked with us when lonely was the pathway;
’Twas then we proved His power to keep and save.

Not one word failed of all that God hath spoken
Since time began, and still His word is true.
As we obey and follow Jesus’ footsteps,
We need not fear– He’ll lead us safely through.

He will not fail, as unto Him we render,
With heart of love, the evening sacrifice.
May it, the crowning, final gift we offer,
Be found well-pleasing in our Father’s eyes.

Copyright: ©

 all and as be began belovèd comfort cried crowning enduring evening eyes fail failed father’s fear final follow footsteps found gave gift give god hath he heart heavens he’ll him his in is it jesus keep lead lonely love may more need not obey of offer one our pathway pleasing power promised proved race render run sacrifice safely save since son sorrow spoken still strength than that the then there through time to true twas until unto us walked was we well when will with word 

----------------------------------------

273. I Know in Whom I Have Believed

I know in whom I have believed,
And on that last great day I’ll stand
Clothed in Christ’s robe of righteousness,
Approved of God, at His right hand.

	I know in whom I have believed:
	I am persuaded God will keep,
	Deep hidden in His heart of love,
	His tender lambs, His chosen sheep.

I know in whom I have believed;
And though He slay me, I will trust,
Acknowledge all His holy will,
Though broken, humbled in the dust.

I know in whom I have believed;
No mind can comprehend or trace
The length and breadth and depth of love,
His free, unmeasured, boundless grace.

I know in whom I have believed
And shall not fear on that great day,
Safe hidden in the heart of God,
When heaven and earth shall pass away.

Copyright: ©

 acknowledge all am and approved at away believed boundless breadth broken can chosen christ’s clothed comprehend day deep depth dust earth fear free god grace great hand have he heart heaven hidden his holy humbled i in i’ll keep know lambs last length love me mind no not of on or pass persuaded right righteousness robe safe shall sheep slay stand tender that the though trace trust unmeasured when whom will 

----------------------------------------

274. I Know That My Redeemer Lives

I know that my Redeemer lives,
And I shall dwell with Him;
The light of God within my soul
No power on earth can dim.

	My life is in the Master’s hands
	To purify and mould;
	When tested, tried, I’m satisfied
	I shall come forth as gold.

I know in whom I have believed,
My living hope and stay;
The trust I have in Him reposed
He never will betray.

I am persuaded He will keep
The life I freely give;
In glad obedience to His claims,
I die that I may live.

I know that my Redeemer lives
To intercede for me
And give me grace to bear the cross–
To bear it patiently.

Copyright: ©

 am and as bear believed betray can claims come cross die dim dwell earth for forth freely give glad god gold grace hands have he him his hope i in intercede is it i’m keep know life light live lives living master’s may me mould my never no obedience of on patiently persuaded power purify redeemer reposed satisfied shall soul stay tested that the to tried trust when whom will with within 

----------------------------------------

275. Trusting the Living God

We’re trusting in the living God–
His way and truth and life are sure;
Though tribulation here we meet,
His grace will help us to endure.

	We bear our Lord and Saviour’s name,
	And glory in the cross and shame;
	Content to share our Master’s lot,
	We buy the truth and sell it not.

We’re trusting in the living God–
His fellowship we love and prize;
Our hearts are fixed to run the race,
Though friends and foes alike despise.

We’re trusting in the living God–
Ofttimes our hearts within us burn,
As in sweet fellowship with Him
We walk midst earth’s reproach and scorn.

Copyright: ©

 alike and are as bear burn buy content cross despise earth’s endure fellowship fixed foes friends glory god grace hearts help here him his in it life living lord lot love master’s meet midst name not ofttimes our prize race reproach run saviour’s scorn sell shame share sure sweet the though to tribulation trusting truth us walk way we we’re will with within 

----------------------------------------

276. Precious Thought

Precious thought, my Father knoweth;
In His love I rest,
For whate’er my Father doeth
Must be always best.
Well I know the Heart that planneth
Naught but good for me;
Joy and sorrow interwoven–
Love in all I see.

Precious thought, my Father knoweth,
Careth for His child,
Biddeth me to nestle closer,
When the storm beats wild.
Though my earthly hopes be shattered,
And the teardrops fall,
Yet He is Himself my solace–
Yea, my All in all!

Sweet to tell Him all He knoweth,
Roll on Him the care,
Cast upon Him all the burden
That I cannot bear;
Then, without a care oppressing,
Simply to lie still,
Giving thanks to Him for all things,
Since it is His will.

Oh, to trust Him, then, more fully!
Just to simply move
In the conscious, calm enjoyment
Of the Father’s love,
Knowing that life’s chequered pathway
Leadeth to His rest,
Satisfied the way He taketh
Must be always best.

 a all always and be bear beats best biddeth burden but calm cannot care careth cast chequered child closer conscious doeth earthly enjoyment fall father father’s for fully giving good he heart him himself his hopes i in interwoven is it joy just know knoweth knowing leadeth lie life’s love me more move must my naught nestle of oh on oppressing pathway planneth precious rest roll satisfied see shattered simply since solace sorrow still storm sweet taketh teardrops tell thanks that the then things though thought to trust upon way well whate’er when wild will without yea yet 

----------------------------------------

277. The Next Step

I cannot see beyond the moment;
Tomorrow’s strength comes not today;
But, blessèd Lord, I trust Thy keeping
For just the next step on my way.

	O Jesus, keep my next step faithful
	To paths marked out by God for me;
	Hold Thou me up, O mighty Saviour:
	My strength and hope are all in Thee.

With each temptation Thou hast promised
The grace to conquer and to bear–
A way of sure escape provided
From every subtle, secret snare.

Forgetting all the weary failures
The sinful, selfish past has known,
With eyes that look right onward alway,
I will to follow Thee alone.

The storms that gather round my pathway
May hide the next step from my sight,
But faith can walk with God in darkness,
And He will guide that step aright.

 a all alone alway and are aright bear beyond blessèd but by can cannot comes conquer darkness each escape every eyes failures faith faithful follow for forgetting from gather god grace guide has hast he hide hold hope i in jesus just keep keeping known look lord marked may me mighty moment my next not o of on onward out past paths pathway promised provided right round saviour secret see selfish sight sinful snare step storms strength subtle sure temptation that the thee thou thy to today tomorrow’s trust up walk way weary will with 

----------------------------------------

278. Oh! for the Peace

Oh! for the peace of a perfect trust,
My loving God, in Thee:
Unwavering faith that never doubts
Thy choice is best for me.

Best, though my plans be set at naught;
Best, though the way be rough;
Best, though my earthly store be scant–
In Thee I have enough.

Best, though my health and strength be gone,
Though weary days be mine;
Shut out from much that others have:
Not my will, Lord, but Thine.

And e’en though disappointments come,
They, too, are best for me,
To wean me from this changing world
And lead me nearer Thee.

Oh! for the peace of a perfect trust
That looks away from all,
Yet sees Thy hand in everything,
In great events and small.

That hears Thy voice– a father’s voice–
Directing for the best;
Oh! for the peace of a perfect trust–
A heart with Thee at rest.

Copyright: ©

 a all and are at away be best but changing choice come days directing disappointments doubts earthly enough events everything e’en faith father’s for from god gone great hand have health hears heart i in is lead looks lord loving me mine much my naught nearer never not of oh others out peace perfect plans rest rough scant sees set shut small store strength that the thee they thine this though thy to too trust unwavering voice way wean weary will with world yet 

----------------------------------------

279. Increase Our Faith

Increase our faith, belovèd Lord,
Release the cords of doubt that bind:
Grant us the vision that can see
The blessèd purpose of Thy mind.

Increase our faith when Satan’s hosts
Against our soul are strong arrayed;
Place in our hands the shield of faith,
That we may face them unafraid.

Increase our faith when fruitless seem
The toiling hours o’er vale and hill;
Teach our discouraged hearts to feel
Thy kindly hand is leading still.

Increase our faith when o’er our hearts
Sorrow and loss their vigil keep;
Draw near and heal the aching wounds,
Thou tender Shepherd of the sheep.

Increase our faith when, night at hand,
Death would return our souls to Thee;
Grant us the faith that understands
Our only hope is Calvary.

Copyright: ©

 aching against and are arrayed at belovèd bind blessèd calvary can cords death discouraged doubt draw face faith feel fruitless grant hand hands heal hearts hill hope hosts hours in increase is keep kindly leading lord loss may mind near night of only our o’er place purpose release return satan’s see seem sheep shepherd shield sorrow soul souls still strong teach tender that the thee their them thou thy to toiling unafraid understands us vale vigil vision we when would wounds 

----------------------------------------

280. How Sweet the Thought

How sweet the thought– my Father knows,
And plans my path, its joys and woes;
That for each test I needs must face,
He freely gives sufficient grace.

	Kept by His power, how sweet to know
	His hand will guard from every foe,
	And that by faith I now can see
	The One who gave Himself for me.

With fears within and foes without,
That saving grace I cannot doubt;
For I have learned in days gone by
That on His strength I can rely.

Whate’er the future days may bring,
Yet to His promises I’ll cling,
That as my all I daily yield,
His Son in me will be revealed.

I long to learn while here below
More of that dying life to show,
That when He calls me over there,
More of His likeness I may bear.

Copyright: ©

 all and as be bear below bring by calls can cannot cling daily days doubt dying each every face faith father fears foe foes for freely from future gave gives gone grace guard hand have he here himself his how i in its i’ll joys kept know knows learn learned life likeness long may me more must my needs now of on one over path plans power promises rely revealed saving see show son strength sufficient sweet test that the there thought to whate’er when while who will with within without woes yet yield 

----------------------------------------

281. I Need No Strength but Thine

I need no strength but Thine alone,
Thou great Redeemer, from whose throne
All grace in fullness flows.
In weakness, I can be made strong;
In battle, sing the victor’s song,
My trust in Thee repose.

The arm of flesh dishonours Thee;
And in its self-sufficiency,
The foolish heart deceives;
But he whose hope abides in Thee
Is as the ever-watered tree,
Clothed in both fruit and leaves.

I need no book but Thine own word,
Nor can the thoughts of men afford
A light to be my guide;
For, Lord, Thy holy word of truth,
A lamp to age, a light to youth,
Forever will abide.

For who would turn to cisterns, Lord,
And leave the fountain of Thy word,
Where Christ is all in all?
He is my life and righteousness,
True wisdom and true holiness:
With Him I shall not fall.

Copyright: ©

 a abide abides afford age all alone and arm as battle be book both but can christ cisterns clothed deceives dishonours ever fall flesh flows foolish for forever fountain from fruit fullness grace great guide he heart him holiness holy hope i in is its lamp leave leaves life light lord made men my need no nor not of own redeemer repose righteousness self shall sing song strength strong sufficiency the thee thine thou thoughts throne thy to tree true trust truth turn victor’s watered weakness where who whose will wisdom with word would youth 

----------------------------------------

282. His Way Is Best

I listen to the Master’s word,
And all my waking heart is stirred;
Midst sin and strife I hear Him say,
“I will return: keep watch and pray.”

	His way is best; I follow on,
	Just where His bleeding feet have gone;
	My one desire, to worthy be
	And fill the place prepared for me.

I ponder o’er those words again,
That Christ is coming back to reign
And claim His chosen, faithful bride,
Who in His way and truth abide.

Though most despise God’s lowly way,
Reject His love and go astray,
Within my heart one purpose burns:
To stand approved when He returns.

His love can fully satisfy,
And needed grace He will supply
To keep me in the heavenly race,
Until I see Him face to face.

Copyright: ©

 abide again all and approved astray back be best bleeding bride burns can chosen christ claim coming desire despise face faithful feet fill follow for fully go god’s gone grace have he hear heart heavenly him his i in is just keep listen love lowly master’s me midst most my needed on one o’er place ponder pray prepared purpose race reign reject return returns satisfy say see sin stand stirred strife supply that the those though to truth until waking watch way when where who will within word words worthy 

----------------------------------------

283. Strong in the Strength

Strong in the strength of gentleness, of meekness, faith and love,
I take Thy hand in weakness and press on toward things above;
The Morning Star will be my guide: its lustrous rays I see
Shining along the highway, marking the path for me.

Strong, radiant light assuring, my hope is set in Thee;
The gleam from off the mercy seat must always help me see
The precious things Thou hast in store for yielded lives and true,
Striving to serve the Master, doing what He would do.

Strong in the strength which He supplies, my storehouse is complete;
I feast upon the living bread and drink the water sweet.
My every need He doth supply, secure within the fold;
His promises are ever sure: rare treasures manifold.

How do I prize my calling, since Christ hath made me free?
The hand of time must test me as I journey out to sea.
Mid surges of temptations wild and murmurs of self-will,
Is the Master at the helm? Hear Him whisper “Peace, be still.”

Copyright: ©

 above along always and are as assuring at be bread calling christ complete do doing doth drink ever every faith feast fold for free from gentleness gleam guide hand hast hath he hear helm help highway him his hope how i in is its journey light lives living love lustrous made manifold marking master me meekness mercy mid morning murmurs must my need of off on out path peace precious press prize promises radiant rare rays sea seat secure see self serve set shining since star still store storehouse strength striving strong supplies supply sure surges sweet take temptations test the thee things thou thy time to toward treasures true upon water weakness what which whisper wild will within would yielded 

----------------------------------------

284. I Never Can Forget

I never can forget the day
The lowly Saviour came my way
And filled my soul with life divine;
The wealth of heaven now is mine.

	I never can forget the day
	I heard the Saviour kindly say,
	“If thou wouldst my disciple be,
	Take up thy cross and follow me.”

I never can forget the love
That brought the Saviour from above,
Amid earth’s multitudes to see
And set His loving eyes on me.

He brought the heavens nigh to me,
The will of God so plain to see;
His simple truth, so sure and clear,
Was sweetest music to my ear.

I never can forget the day
I learned to walk in Jesus’ way;
Those feeble steps, with courage true,
Brought fellowship and life anew.

Copyright: ©

 above amid and anew be brought came can clear courage cross day disciple divine ear earth’s eyes feeble fellowship filled follow forget from god he heard heaven heavens his i if in is jesus kindly learned life love loving lowly me mine multitudes music my never nigh now of on plain saviour say see set simple so soul steps sure sweetest take that the those thou thy to true truth up walk was way wealth will with wouldst 

----------------------------------------

285. Wait on the Lord

Wait on the Lord with confidence and patience;
Wait in your weakness and in darkest hour.
He will renew your strength and you will daily
Prove for yourself how great His love and power.

Wait on the Lord when fierce the battle rages
’Gainst foes that seek to hinder from within,
Or foes without that would destroy and lure us
From God’s control, to darkness and to sin.

Wait on the Lord in fruitfulness and victory
Lest you should be exalted and defiled.
Wait on the Lord that He may keep you humble,
Always sincere and simple as a child.

Wait on the Lord, and trust in all His leadings;
Ask now of Him, and let Him ask of you;
Answer His prayers, and yours He’ll gladly answer;
Be true to Him, to you He will be true.

Wait on the Lord, be of good cheer and courage;
Follow His steps, obey His still, small voice.
Trust in His grace, which is sufficient for you;
Then at the end with Him you will rejoice.

Copyright: ©

 a all always and answer as ask at battle be cheer child confidence control courage daily darkest darkness defiled destroy end exalted fierce foes follow for from fruitfulness gainst gladly god’s good grace great he he’ll him hinder his hour how humble in is keep leadings lest let lord love lure may now obey of on or patience power prayers prove rages rejoice renew seek should simple sin sincere small steps still strength sufficient that the then to true trust us victory voice wait weakness when which will with within without would you your yours yourself 

----------------------------------------

286. An Offering I Would Bring

Dear Lord, an offering I would bring
To Thee, my Prophet, Priest and King;
Though small and mean the gift may be,
:: ’Tis all I have to give to Thee. ::

	Accept, I pray,
	The life I give to Thee today;
	’Tis Thine, ’Tis Thine:
	Forever I my claim resign.

Thou, Lord, hast given Thy best for me:
Thou didst not shrink from Calvary,
But drank the bitter cup of woe,
:: That God, Thy Father, I might know. ::

All that I am henceforth shall be
Used in the way that pleaseth Thee;
I mean to lay all at Thy feet:
:: Grant it may be a savour sweet. ::

So use my life, O Lord, I pray,
In seeking those who’ve gone astray,
That joy in heaven may abound,
:: As one by one Thy lambs are found. ::

Copyright: ©

 a abound accept all am an and are as astray at be best bitter bring but by calvary claim cup dear didst drank father feet for forever found from gift give given god gone grant hast have heaven henceforth i in it joy king know lambs lay life lord may me mean might my not o of offering one pleaseth pray priest prophet resign savour seeking shall shrink small so sweet that the thee thine those thou though thy tis to today use used way who’ve woe would 

----------------------------------------

287. In Jesus’ Hands

When my heart is heavy-burdened,
And I cannot understand,
What I have no power over
I will leave in Jesus’ hands.

	I will leave it all to Jesus,
	For I know He understands;
	Things in life I cannot alter,
	I will leave in Jesus’ hands.

Human minds so often question
What pertains to good or ill,
But the answer is in Jesus:
All is measured by His will.

Every day I look to Jesus–
None so loving, true and kind;
Earthly things so many cherish
Must one day be left behind.

Some day every eye will see Him,
Living, reigning over all;
Every great and mighty nation,
To the Lord will bow and fall.

Copyright: ©

 all alter and answer be behind bow burdened but by cannot cherish day earthly every eye fall for good great hands have he heart heavy him his human i ill in is it jesus kind know leave left life living look lord loving many measured mighty minds must my nation no none often one or over pertains power question reigning see so some the things to true understand understands what when will 

----------------------------------------

288. Lead Me to the Rock

O hearken, Lord; incline Thine ear unto me.
In deep distress, O hear my needy cry,
And lead me, Lord, in all my desperation,
Unto the Rock that higher is than I.

In dark despair, there comes this reassurance:
“You have not failed until you’ve failed to try.”
And though I’ve fallen often in the struggle,
I trust the Rock that higher is than I.

To human pride and every selfish passion,
To stubborn will, O help me, Lord, to die;
Deliver me from this cruel, cunning nature,
To find the Rock that higher is than I.

When sorrow comes, and grief is cast upon me,
When I am moved to ask the reason why,
Help me to say, “Lord, who am I to question
The solid Rock that higher is than I?”

When I am tempted in some weaker moment,
Swayed by the crowd, my Master to deny,
O lift me to that place of true conviction,
Upon the Rock that higher is than I.

Copyright: ©

 all am and ask by cast comes conviction crowd cruel cry cunning dark deep deliver deny despair desperation die distress ear every failed fallen find from grief have hear hearken help higher human i in incline is i’ve lead lift lord master me moment moved my nature needy not o of often passion place pride question reason reassurance rock say selfish solid some sorrow struggle stubborn swayed tempted than that the there thine this though to true trust try until unto upon weaker when who why will you you’ve 

----------------------------------------

289. Thou Thinkest, Lord, of Me

Amid the trials which I meet,
Amid the thorns that pierce my feet,
One thought remains supremely sweet:
Thou thinkest, Lord, of me!

	Thou thinkest, Lord, of me,
	Thou thinkest, Lord, of me;
	What need I fear since Thou art near
	And thinkest, Lord, of me?

The cares of life come thronging fast,
Upon my soul their shadows cast;
Thy voice assures my heart at last:
Thou thinkest, Lord, of me!

Let shadows come, let shadows go,
Let life be bright or dark with woe;
I am content, for this I know:
Thou thinkest, Lord, of me!

 am amid and art assures at be bright cares cast come content dark fast fear feet for go heart i know last let life lord me meet my near need of one or pierce remains shadows since soul supremely sweet that the their thinkest this thorns thou thought thronging thy trials upon voice what which with woe 

----------------------------------------

290. All the Way

I will travel on with Jesus;
Other voices bid me stay,
But I cannot bear the parting;
I am going all the way.

	All the way! All the way!
	I am going all the way.

What is in the world to charm me?
Why should I my Lord betray?
Precious is His love and friendship;
I am going all the way.

We will travel on together,
Naught shall tempt my feet to stray;
His compassion fails me never;
I am going all the way.

Stronger grows the bond of union
As I follow and obey;
There’s no parting from my Saviour;
I am going all the way.

Copyright: ©

 all am and as bear betray bid bond but cannot charm compassion fails feet follow friendship from going grows his i in is jesus lord love me my naught never no obey of on other parting precious saviour shall should stay stray stronger tempt the there’s to together travel union voices way we what why will with world 

----------------------------------------

291. The Heart of My Saviour

The heart of my Saviour is tender,
He knows every step that I take;
He is an unfailing defender
When dangers my soul overtake.
His love and His grace will uphold me
When storm-clouds my soul may appal;
His strong, loving arms will enfold me;
Attentive His ear when I call.

The eyes of my Saviour ne’er slumber:
He sees every child of His fold;
Though scattered afar, few in number,
He guides them with love yet untold.
In wilderness vast and so dreary
Sweet manna fell down from on high,
And for the souls thirsty and weary,
Their strong Rock of Ages was nigh.

The heart of my Saviour is tender:
He gave His own life for His sheep;
To Him all I have I surrender–
My life He is able to keep.
I’ll follow my Saviour unfearing,
My pilgrimage soon will be o’er;
The bright lights of home are appearing
Where I may have rest evermore.

Copyright: ©

 able afar ages all an and appal appearing are arms attentive be bright call child clouds dangers defender down dreary ear enfold evermore every eyes fell few fold follow for from gave grace guides have he heart high him his home i in is i’ll keep knows life lights love loving manna may me my ne’er nigh number of on overtake own o’er pilgrimage rest rock saviour scattered sees sheep slumber so soon soul souls step storm strong surrender sweet take tender that the their them thirsty though to unfailing unfearing untold uphold vast was weary when where wilderness will with yet 

----------------------------------------

292. In Times of Deepest Darkness

In times of deepest darkness,
Of sorrow and distress,
The Lord draws near to chasten,
To comfort and to bless.
His hand outstretched in mercy
Corrects our wandering feet
And draws through mists and shadows
To fellowship more sweet.

How can we fear the future,
When love has planned the way
Which leads o’er hills and valleys
To one eternal day?
E’en death at last is conquered,
The grave has lost its fear,
And all faith sees is heaven
Throw wide its portals here.

So, struggling soul, press onward,
And keep the goal in view;
What God has done in others,
He, too, can do in you.
Fear neither past nor future;
Let love the victory give,
And through eternal ages
Your soul with Christ shall live.

Copyright: ©

 ages all and at bless can chasten christ comfort conquered corrects darkness day death deepest distress do done draws eternal e’en faith fear feet fellowship future give goal god grave hand has he heaven here hills his how in is its keep last leads let live lord lost love mercy mists more near neither nor of one onward others our outstretched o’er past planned portals press sees shadows shall so sorrow soul struggling sweet the through throw times to too valleys victory view wandering way we what when which wide with you your 

----------------------------------------

293. As I Dwell on Things Eternal

As I dwell on things eternal
For which Jesus lived and died,
How it sets my heart a-burning
To be faithful, true and tried!

	God forbid that I should glory,
	Save in Jesus and His cross,
	By His grace accounting all things
	In the world but vain and loss.

Earthly sufferings are not worthy
Of a moment’s thought or care,
When compared with all the glory
Which I can with Jesus share.

Some consider earthly honour
And in blindness turn away,
Choosing rather Satan’s bypaths
Than to walk Christ’s lowly way.

Give me grace to never falter,
But, like Jesus, to despise
All the shame and world rejection
And obtain the heavenly prize.

Copyright: ©

 a accounting all and are as away be blindness burning but by bypaths can care choosing christ’s compared consider cross despise died dwell earthly eternal faithful falter for forbid give glory god grace heart heavenly his honour how i in it jesus like lived loss lowly me moment’s my never not obtain of on or prize rather rejection satan’s save sets shame share should some sufferings than that the things thought to tried true turn vain walk way when which with world worthy 

----------------------------------------

294. A Life of Overcoming

A life of overcoming,
A life of ceaseless praise:
Be this thy blessèd portion
Throughout the coming days;
The victory was purchased
On Calvary’s cross for thee:
Sin shall not have dominion,
The Son has made thee free.

And wouldst thou know the secret
Of constant victory?
Let in the Overcomer,
And He will conquer thee!
Thy broken spirit, taken
In sweet captivity,
Shall glory in His triumph
And share His victory.

Though all the path before thee
The hosts of darkness fill,
Look to thy Father’s promise
And claim the victory still;
Faith sees the heavenly legions,
Where doubt sees naught but foes,
And through the very conflict
Her life the stronger grows.

More stern will grow the conflict
As nears our King’s return,
And they alone can face it
Who this great lesson learn:
That from them God asks nothing,
But to unlatch the door,
Admitting Him who through them
Will conquer evermore.

 a admitting all alone and as asks be before blessèd broken but calvary’s can captivity ceaseless claim coming conflict conquer constant cross darkness days dominion door doubt evermore face faith father’s fill foes for free from glory god great grow grows has have he heavenly her him his hosts in it king’s know learn legions lesson let life look made more naught nears not nothing of on our overcomer overcoming path portion praise promise purchased return secret sees shall share sin son spirit stern still stronger sweet taken that the thee them they this thou though through throughout thy to triumph unlatch very victory was where who will wouldst 

----------------------------------------

295. My Refuge and Hope

My refuge and hope are in Jesus,
My comfort in days of distress;
Though weary the wilderness journey,
I know He will nourish and bless.

	Though hosts of sin may surround me,
	My heart shall not fear, for I know
	My refuge and hope are in Jesus,
	And onward rejoicing I go.

His own strong right arm will protect me,
Though fiercely the foes may assail;
I trust in the name of my Saviour
And know I shall surely prevail.

His mercy and faithfulness never
Depart from the upright in heart;
And, knowing our frame, He remembers
His Spirit and strength to impart.

He dwells with the meek and the lowly;
His counsel is sweet to their soul;
The heart that is humble and contrite,
The Saviour delights to control.

Copyright: ©

 and are arm assail bless comfort contrite control counsel days delights depart distress dwells faithfulness fear fiercely foes for frame from go he heart his hope hosts humble i impart in is jesus journey know knowing lowly may me meek mercy my name never not nourish of onward our own prevail protect refuge rejoicing remembers right saviour shall sin soul spirit strength strong surely surround sweet that the their though to trust upright weary wilderness will with 

----------------------------------------

296. All Through the Storm

My heart is made glad as I walk in the way,
And love lights the path for me day by day;
Thy mercy and truth are my joy and delight,
Though fierce be the storm and though dark the night.

	All through the storm, Lord, I see Thy face
	Beaming with love and with saving grace;
	I’ll go where Thou leadest, for Thou art my Friend,
	And I, Lord, am Thine to the journey’s end.

I think of Thy labour, Thy pain and Thy love,
That opened the way to the throne above;
And love true and tender wells up in my soul
And points through the storm to the saved one’s goal.

I know Thy heart yearns o’er the wandering feet
That once walked so firm and then scorned defeat,
But stepped from the path of Thy glory and grace,
And strayed through the storm from the lowly place.

Copyright: ©

 above all am and are art as be beaming but by dark day defeat delight end face feet fierce firm for friend from glad glory go goal grace heart i in is i’ll journey’s joy know labour leadest lights lord love lowly made me mercy my night of once one’s opened o’er pain path place points saved saving scorned see so soul stepped storm strayed tender that the then thine think thou though throne through thy to true truth up walk walked wandering way wells where with yearns 

----------------------------------------

297. The Waves Rolled High

The waves rolled high, fierce raged the angry deep;
Danger seemed nigh– the Saviour fast asleep.
His Father’s hand controlled the winds and sea,
And daily led the Man of Galilee.

	The tempest raged upon the angry deep.
	Amidst the storm the Lord lay fast asleep.
	Why should we fear or even doubtful be?
	Our Father’s hand controls the wind and sea.

Be of good cheer when storms around you rise,
Should threatening clouds appear in darkening skies.
Our Father’s hand shall guide through storm and sea;
His guarding grace shall lead to victory.

Why should our hearts be filled with anxious fears?
Why should our eyes be dimmed with needless tears?
Or fainting, yield to thoughts of dark despair?
How can we doubt our Father’s tender care?

Then let us tread God’s way with courage true:
All coming days His hand will lead us through.
Mountains will fade and foes before us flee,
If for our God we firm and faithful be.

Copyright: ©

 all amidst and angry anxious appear around asleep be before can care cheer clouds coming controlled controls courage daily danger dark darkening days deep despair dimmed doubt doubtful even eyes fade fainting faithful fast father’s fear fears fierce filled firm flee foes for galilee god god’s good grace guarding guide hand hearts high his how if in lay lead led let lord man mountains needless nigh of or our raged rise rolled saviour sea seemed shall should skies storm storms tears tempest tender the then thoughts threatening through to tread true upon us victory waves way we when why will wind winds with yield you 

----------------------------------------

298. Through Good Report

Through good report and evil, Lord,
Still guided by Thy faithful word–
Our staff, our buckler and our sword–
We follow Thee.

With enemies on every side,
We lean on Thee, the Crucified;
Forsaking all on earth beside,
We follow Thee.

O Master, point Thou out the way,
Nor suffer Thou our steps to stray;
Then in that path which leads to Day,
We follow Thee.

Thou hast passed on before our face,
Thy footsteps on the way we trace;
O keep us, aid us, by Thy grace:
We follow Thee.

Whom have we in the heaven above?
Whom on this earth, save Thee, to love?
Still in Thy light we onward move:
We follow Thee.

Copyright: ©

 above aid all and before beside buckler by crucified day earth enemies every evil face faithful follow footsteps forsaking good grace guided hast have heaven in keep leads lean light lord love master move nor o on onward our out passed path point report save side staff steps still stray suffer sword that the thee then this thou through thy to trace us way we which whom with word 

----------------------------------------

299. Approved of God

Approved of God, what more could we desire?
Oh, may this precious thought our hearts inspire,
That we may gladly yield ourselves to be
A living offering, Lord, approved by Thee.

Approved of God was Jesus, His own Son;
He never failed but, always pressing on,
Finished His course; and when the end had come,
Raised from the dead, He sat upon the throne.

Approved of God, His image I would bear,
Though here on earth His sufferings I must share,
Like men of old who gladly yielded all;
To be approved, they followed at His call.

Approved of God: this blessing I would know;
Honour from men is but a passing show.
Lord, take my heart, and may I always seek
To be like Jesus, faithful, true and meek.

Copyright: ©

 a all always and approved at be bear blessing but by call come could course dead desire earth end failed faithful finished followed from gladly god had he heart hearts here his honour i image inspire is jesus know like living lord may meek men more must my never of offering oh old on our ourselves own passing precious pressing raised sat seek share show son sufferings take that the thee they this though thought throne to true upon was we what when who would yield yielded 

----------------------------------------

300. My Heart’s Deep Need

My heart’s deep need can ne’er be met,
Nor dried the falling tear,
My heart can never comfort get,
Until my Lord draws near.

No cheering word can faith impart,
With hope inspire my soul,
Till by His voice it reach my heart
To heal and make it whole.

No joyful song of praise have I,
My lips no word of cheer
Can give to those who needy cry,
Until my Lord draws near.

My life a desert place would be,
A wilderness so drear,
Except my Lord, He whom I love,
Doth every hour draw near.

Copyright: ©

 a and be by can cheer cheering comfort cry deep desert doth draw draws drear dried every except faith falling get give have he heal heart heart’s his hope hour i impart inspire it joyful life lips lord love make met my near need needy never ne’er no nor of place praise reach so song soul tear the those till to until voice who whole whom wilderness with word would 

----------------------------------------

301. Mid Worldly Temptations

Mid worldly temptations
And trials severe,
O lead us, Lord Jesus,
And teach us Thy fear;
Thou knowest our nature,
So weak and so frail;
O grant us Thy blessing,
And strength to prevail.

	Lord Jesus, guide we pray;
	Keep us in Thy pathway,
	And lead us alway.

O Saviour, we thank Thee
For Thy precious life;
O help us prove worthy
To win in the strife.
We know what it cost Thee
To show us the way
And suffer for sinners
On dark Calvary.

We’re glad Thou didst tell us:
If we faithful live,
Our prize is more precious
Than this world can give.
Above with the Father,
At heaven’s throne of grace,
Is Christ interceding
As we run the race.

 above alway and as at blessing calvary can christ cost dark didst faithful father fear for frail give glad grace grant guide heaven’s help if in interceding is it jesus keep know knowest lead life live lord mid more nature o of on our pathway pray precious prevail prize prove race run saviour severe show sinners so strength strife suffer teach tell temptations than thank the thee this thou throne thy to trials us way we weak we’re what win with world worldly worthy 

----------------------------------------

302. Dear Saviour, Lead Me

Dear Saviour, lead me by Thy hand divine,
Till my life’s close, O keep me ever Thine;
I am a stranger in a hostile land
And need the guidance of Thy loving hand.

	Dear Saviour, keep me by Thy side,
	For my poor soul would always there abide;
	When Thou art very near, Thy presence gives me cheer;
	My soul shall know no fear when Thy hand doth guide.

Should sorrow’s dark night o’er my pathway spread
Rough, stony places, where my feet shall tread,
In tender mercy all for me is planned,
That I might know the guidance of Thy hand.

Dear Saviour, lead me, lest my faith should fail,
And over me the power of wrong prevail;
Each rising tempest help me to withstand;
Grant unto me the guidance of Thy hand.

Copyright: ©

 a abide all always am and art by cheer close dark dear divine doth each ever fail faith fear feet for gives grant guidance guide hand help hostile i in is keep know land lead lest life’s loving me mercy might my near need night no o of over o’er pathway places planned poor power presence prevail rising rough saviour shall should side sorrow’s soul spread stony stranger tempest tender that the there thine thou thy till to tread unto very when where withstand would wrong 

----------------------------------------

303. Close to Thee

Thou my everlasting portion,
More than friend or life to me;
All along my pilgrim journey,
Saviour, let me walk with Thee.
Close to Thee, close to Thee,
Close to Thee, close to Thee;
All along my pilgrim journey,
Saviour, let me walk with Thee.

Not for ease or worldly pleasure,
Nor for fame my prayer shall be;
Gladly will I toil and suffer,
Only let me walk with Thee.
Close to Thee, close to Thee,
Close to Thee, close to Thee;
Gladly will I toil and suffer,
Only let me walk with Thee.

Lead me through this vale of shadows;
Bear me o’er life’s fitful sea;
Then the gate of life eternal
May I enter, Lord, with Thee.
Close to Thee, close to Thee,
Close to Thee, close to Thee;
Then the gate of life eternal
May I enter, Lord, with Thee.

 all along and be bear close ease enter eternal everlasting fame fitful for friend gate gladly i journey lead let life life’s lord may me more my nor not of only or o’er pilgrim pleasure portion prayer saviour sea shadows shall suffer than the thee then this thou through to toil vale walk will with worldly 

----------------------------------------

304. Come, Brothers, On

Come, brothers, on and forward!
With us the Father goes:
He leads us and He guards us,
Through thousands of our foes.
The sweetness and the glory,
The sunlight of His eyes,
Make all the desert places
To bloom as paradise.

Lo, through the pathless midnight
The fiery pillar leads,
And onward goes the Shepherd
Before the flock He feeds;
Unquestioning, unfearing,
The lambs may follow on
In confidence and quiet,
Their eyes on Him alone.

O dare and suffer all things!
Yet but a stretch of road,
Then wondrous words of welcome,
And then the face of God.
The world, how small and empty–
Our eyes have looked on Him;
The mighty Sun has risen,
The taper burneth dim.

We follow in His footsteps;
What if our feet be torn?
Where He has marked the pathway,
All hail the brier and thorn!
Scarce seen, scarce heard, unreckoned,
Despised, defamed, unknown,
Or heard, but by our singing–
On, brothers! ever on!

 a all alone and as be before bloom brier brothers burneth but by come confidence dare defamed desert despised dim empty ever eyes face father feeds feet fiery flock foes follow footsteps forward glory god goes guards hail has have he heard him his how if in lambs leads lo looked make marked may midnight mighty o of on onward or our paradise pathless pathway pillar places quiet risen road scarce seen shepherd singing small stretch suffer sun sunlight sweetness taper the their then things thorn thousands through to torn unfearing unknown unquestioning unreckoned us we welcome what where with wondrous words world yet 

----------------------------------------

305. Lo, We Can Tread

Lo, we can tread rejoicing
The pilgrim’s narrow road;
We know the voice that calls us,
We know our faithful God.
Come, brothers, on to glory!
With every face set fast,
On towards the golden towers,
Where we shall rest at last.

It was with voice of singing
We left the land of night,
To pass, to glorious music,
Far onward out of sight.
O brothers, was it sorrow,
Though thousand worlds were lost?
Our eyes have looked on Jesus,
And thus we count the cost.

Oh, bliss, to leave behind us
The fetters of the slave!
To leave ourselves behind us,
The grave clothes and the grave!
To speed, unburdened pilgrims,
Glad, empty-handed, free,
To cross the trackless deserts
And walk upon the sea!

Across the will of nature
Leads on the path of God!
Not where the flesh delighteth,
The feet of Jesus trod.
If now the path be narrow
And steep and rough and lone,
If crags and tangles cross it,
Praise God! we will go on.

 across and at be behind bliss brothers calls can clothes come cost count crags cross delighteth deserts empty every eyes face faithful far fast feet fetters flesh free glad glorious glory go god golden grave handed have if it jesus know land last leads leave left lo lone looked lost music narrow nature night not now o of oh on onward our ourselves out pass path pilgrims pilgrim’s praise rejoicing rest road rough sea set shall sight singing slave sorrow speed steep tangles that the though thousand thus to towards towers trackless tread trod unburdened upon us voice walk was we were where will with worlds 

----------------------------------------

306. He Waits for Thee

He waits for thee, He waits for thee–
O do not linger on the way;
God longs a Father true to be;
He’ll guide and help you day by day.

	Fair are the prospects all ahead,
	And good the land He offers free;
	The One who all our fathers led
	Will lead thee through: He waits for thee.

Would you not seek what Abram had–
The conscious guidance of God’s hand?
As launching forth he knew not where,
He went to seek the promised land.

Fear not the mountain’s rocky slope,
Or e’en the valleys dark below–
This is the path that leads to God;
’Tis sweet each day with Him to go.

Sweet is the story you shall tell
At eventide, when day is done:
“The Lord is faithful, does all well–
Him will I serve, and Him alone.”

Copyright: ©

 a abram ahead all alone and are as at be below by conscious dark day do does done each eventide e’en fair faithful father fathers fear for forth free go god god’s good guidance guide had hand he help he’ll him i is knew land launching lead leads led linger longs lord mountain’s not o of offers on one or our path promised prospects rocky seek serve shall slope story sweet tell that the thee this through tis to true valleys waits way well went what when where who will with would you 

----------------------------------------

307. I Will Follow My Saviour

I will follow my Saviour o’er life’s darkest way,
And my heart shall not fear as I go;
For His love cannot fail; it is stronger than death:
His own precious word tells me so.

	Unchanging my Saviour remains;
	My heart shall not fear as I go.
	His love cannot fail; it is stronger than death:
	His own precious word tells me so.

Jesus came from the home of His Father on high
To enlighten the world here below,
Showing God’s perfect way, His pure truth and His life:
His own precious word tells me so.

I am conscious of weakness but strong in His grace;
There is victory when facing the foe.
Jesus is my strong tower and my rock of defence:
His own precious word tells me so.

I will follow the Lamb wheresoever He leads;
All the prayer of my heart is to know
How to walk in His way, undefiled to the end:
His own precious word tells me how.

Copyright: ©

 all am and as below but came cannot conscious darkest death defence end enlighten facing fail father fear foe follow for from go god’s grace he heart here high his home how i in is it jesus know lamb leads life life’s love me my not of on own o’er perfect prayer precious pure remains rock saviour shall showing so strong stronger tells than the there to tower truth unchanging undefiled victory walk way weakness when wheresoever will word world 

----------------------------------------

308. The Lord’s My Shepherd

The Lord’s my Shepherd, I’ll not want;
He makes me down to lie
:: In pastures green; He leadeth me ::
The quiet waters by.

My soul He doth restore again,
And me to walk doth make
:: Within the paths of righteousness, ::
E’en for His own name’s sake.

Yea, though I walk in death’s dark vale,
Yet will I fear no ill,
:: For Thou art with me, and Thy rod ::
And staff me comfort still.

My table Thou hast furnishèd
In presence of my foes;
:: My head Thou dost with oil anoint, ::
And my cup overflows.

Goodness and mercy all my life
Shall surely follow me;
:: And in God’s house forevermore ::
My dwelling place shall be.

 again all and anoint art be by comfort cup dark death’s dost doth down dwelling e’en fear foes follow for forevermore furnishèd god’s goodness green hast he head his house i ill in i’ll leadeth lie life lord’s make makes me mercy my name’s no not of oil overflows own pastures paths place presence quiet restore righteousness rod sake shall shepherd soul staff still surely table the thou though thy to vale walk want waters will with within yea yet 

----------------------------------------

309. How Fresh and Green

How fresh and green the pastures fair
Where the good Shepherd leads His sheep;
The river of God’s pleasure there
Flows on forever, still and deep;
Afar from all the strife and gloom,
He rests with all His flock at noon.

	The Shepherd and the sheep rejoice:
	How still and sweet those pastures fair;
	The desert blooms as paradise,
	For God is with His people there.

How sweet the fragrant vale of prayer
Where Jesus loved to watch and pray;
We love to trace His footprints there:
No clouds obscure, no fears dismay;
Our prayers and praise and songs of grace
Like incense fill the holy place.

From all the world, its toil and care,
To watch with Him we turn aside;
Our Shepherd true is waiting there,
And every need will be supplied;
He speaks, how pleasant is His voice!
Our satiated hearts rejoice.

Made meet His sufferings here to share,
Our heavenly gain is earthly loss;
Content if Jesus leads us there,
To labour now and bear the cross
And manifest His life and name,
To all the world His love proclaim.

Copyright: ©

 afar all and as aside at be bear blooms care clouds content cross deep desert dismay earthly every fair fears fill flock flows footprints for forever fragrant fresh from gain gloom god god’s good grace green he hearts heavenly here him his holy how if incense is its jesus labour leads life like loss love loved made manifest meet name need no noon now obscure of on our paradise pastures people place pleasant pleasure praise pray prayer prayers proclaim rejoice rests river satiated share sheep shepherd songs speaks still strife sufferings supplied sweet the there those to toil trace true turn us vale voice waiting watch we where will with world 

----------------------------------------

310. Shepherd of Israel

Shepherd of Israel, keeping Thy sheep–
Never forgetting in slumber or sleep;
Folding them gently when night cometh on,
Going before them at break of the dawn!

	Shepherd of Israel, Shepherd of love,
	Watching Thy flock from the glory above!
	Knowing how weary their wilderness way,
	Praying for them– ever living to pray!

Shepherd of Israel, strong is Thine arm,
Shielding Thy flock from each threatening harm,
Gathering the lambs as they falter and fall,
Safe in Thy bosom enfolding them all!

Shepherd of Israel, soon to appear,
Soon to deliver Thy “little flock” here!
Just to behold Thee, their richest reward–
Shepherd of Israel, Jesus their Lord!

 above all and appear arm as at before behold bosom break cometh dawn deliver each enfolding ever fall falter flock folding for forgetting from gathering gently glory going harm here how in is israel jesus just keeping knowing lambs little living lord love never night of on or pray praying reward richest safe sheep shepherd shielding sleep slumber soon strong the thee their them they thine threatening thy to watching way weary when wilderness 

----------------------------------------

311. Love Supreme

He found me in a desert land,
A waste and howling wilderness;
His loving heart was pained to see
My lost estate, my helplessness;
“Fear not,” said He, “thy Lord is nigh;
No ransomed soul need ever die.”

	Oh, love supreme! Oh, sovereign grace!
	Which brought my Saviour from on high
	To seek His sheep, and bring them home:
	Dear as the apple of God’s eye.

He soothed and bound my bleeding wounds
And bore me gently to the fold;
His tender care dispelled my fear
And filled my soul with joy untold;
Beloved of God forevermore,
My days of banishment are o’er.

I pass my days in sweet content
Within the chambers of the King;
I hear His voice and see His face;
His love inspires the song I sing,
In harmony with heaven above–
One spirit with the God I love.

Copyright: ©

 a above and apple are as banishment beloved bleeding bore bound bring brought care chambers content days dear desert die dispelled estate ever eye face fear filled fold forevermore found from gently god god’s grace harmony he hear heart heaven helplessness high his home howling i in inspires is joy king land lord lost love loving me my need nigh no not of oh on one o’er pained pass ransomed said saviour see seek sheep sing song soothed soul sovereign spirit supreme sweet tender the them thy to untold voice was waste which wilderness with within wounds 

----------------------------------------

312. The Lord My Shepherd Is

The Lord my Shepherd is–
My heart no want can know;
He gently leads me by the hand
Where verdant pastures grow.
He knows my every need,
And safe with Him I go,
In calm and quietness to rest
Where living waters flow.

When wearied with the strife,
My soul He doth restore;
His loving-kindness woos my heart
To love Him more and more.
The path of righteousness
With Him I gladly take.
Why should I stray? He leads the way
E’en for His own name’s sake.

To walk the vale of death
Is sweet, with Jesus near;
His rod and staff they comfort me–
No evil will I fear.
My table He prepares
In presence of the foe;
When His anointing I receive,
My cup doth overflow.

Goodness and mercy shall
Be with me all my days;
Preserved and kept by Him I am
From all the bypath ways.
His presence with me now
Brings joy forevermore,
And through a long eternity
His ways I shall adore.

Copyright: ©

 a adore all am and anointing be brings by bypath calm can comfort cup days death doth eternity every evil e’en fear flow foe for forevermore from gently gladly go goodness grow hand he heart him his i in is jesus joy kept kindness know knows leads living long lord love loving me mercy more my name’s near need no now of overflow own pastures path prepares presence preserved quietness receive rest restore righteousness rod safe sake shall shepherd should soul staff stray strife sweet table take the they through to vale verdant walk want waters way ways wearied when where why will with woos 

----------------------------------------

313. Where All Is Peaceful

Where all is peaceful, calm and still,
I rest beneath His care;
’Tis rest to know and do His will,
His joy and sorrow share.

	How sweet is the rest of God,
	Safe in the Shepherd’s fold–
	To hear His voice and feast upon
	The wealth of His love untold.

My life is hid with Christ in God,
Deep hidden in His heart;
I follow in the path He trod–
We nevermore can part.

Amid the surging tides of life,
With Him I onward go;
Amid the turmoil and the strife,
His perfect peace I know.

No more I walk in doubt and fear;
His light and love divine
Assure my heart that He is near,
And tuneful praise is mine.

I know that He will hold my hand
And lead me all the way,
Until at last with Him I stand
In God’s eternal day.

Copyright: ©

 all amid and assure at beneath calm can care christ day deep divine do doubt eternal fear feast fold follow go god god’s hand he hear heart hid hidden him his hold how i in is joy know last lead life light love me mine more my near nevermore no of onward part path peace peaceful perfect praise rest safe share shepherd’s sorrow stand still strife surging sweet that the tides tis to trod tuneful turmoil until untold upon voice walk way we wealth where will with 

----------------------------------------

314. O Give Me Rest

My Saviour, Thou hast offered rest;
O give it, then, to me:
The rest of ceasing from myself,
To find my all in Thee.

This cruel self, oh, how it strives
And works within my breast,
To come between Thee and my soul,
And keep me back from rest!

How many subtle forms it takes
Of seeming verity,
As if it were not safe to rest
And venture all on Thee.

O Lord, I seek a holy rest,
A victory over sin;
I seek that Thou alone shouldst reign
O’er all, without, within.

In Thy strong hand I lay me down:
So shall the work be done;
For who can work so wondrously
As Thou, Almighty One?

 a all almighty alone and as back be between breast can ceasing come cruel done down find for forms from give hand hast holy how i if in it keep lay lord many me my myself not o of offered oh on one over o’er reign rest safe saviour seek seeming self shall shouldst sin so soul strives strong subtle takes that the thee then this thou thy to venture verity victory were who within without wondrously work works 

----------------------------------------

315. Dear Saviour, Let Thy Peace

Dear Saviour, let Thy peace descend
Upon this weary heart;
Dark fears and doubts my way attend;
Stretch forth Thine arm, my soul defend;
:: Draw near and take my part. ::

For, Lord, Thou art my hiding place
When earth’s dark shadows fall;
I lift mine eyes to seek Thy face
And there behold such love and grace,
:: Naught can my soul appal. ::

And when I call in my distress
And for Thy mercy plead,
Thou dost not leave me comfortless,
But in Thy loving tenderness
:: Dost meet my heart’s deep need. ::

When, at the close of life’s short day,
My soul doth rise to Thee,
Sorrow and sighing fled away,
I will rejoice to hear Thee say,
:: “Rest now, my child, in me.” ::

Copyright: ©

 and appal arm art at attend away behold but call can child close comfortless dark day dear deep defend descend distress dost doth doubts draw earth’s eyes face fall fears fled for forth grace hear heart heart’s hiding i in leave let life’s lift lord love loving me meet mercy mine my naught near need not now of part peace place plead rejoice rest rise saviour say seek shadows short sighing sorrow soul stretch such take tenderness the thee there thine this thou thy to upon way weary when will 

----------------------------------------

316. Today Is Mine

Today is mine, tomorrow may not be.
How brief this life, how long eternity!
Swiftly and surely sands of time will run–
Finished earth’s day, eternity begun.

The joys of earth– how soon they fade and die!
In vain we seek our souls to satisfy;
We search for peace, and finding naught but pain,
Mirth takes its flight– ’tis but remorse we gain.

Our daily source of peace is Christ alone,
Dwelling within our hearts, upon the throne
To reign as king, His righteous sceptre sway;
“Thy will be done,” then from our hearts we say.

Today is mine to do His righteous will
And self deny, His purpose to fulfil;
Today is mine to find this source of rest:
Doing His will we prove His will is best.

Copyright: ©

 alone and as be begun best brief but christ daily day deny die do doing done dwelling earth earth’s eternity fade find finding finished flight for from fulfil gain hearts his how in is its joys king life long may mine mirth naught not of our pain peace prove purpose reign remorse rest righteous run sands satisfy say sceptre search seek self soon souls source surely sway swiftly takes the then they this throne thy time tis to today tomorrow upon vain we will within 

----------------------------------------

317. Sweet Is the Rest

Sweet is the rest that comes with dawn at last,
After the night of dark defeat is past,
And breaks the day: the triumph of Thy will–
Thy purpose in my life, Lord, to fulfil.

	This blessèd rest, O Master, give to me,
	That I may find my peace, my all in Thee.

Sweet is the rest in bearing of the cross:
Death to a life that brings me only loss;
But from this death a resurrection sure:
A Christ-filled life, acceptable and pure.

Sweet is the rest when after weary toil,
I do not glory in the battle’s spoil.
The victor’s crown, all honours, let them be
To Thee alone who gives the victory.

Sweet is the rest that comes at close of day,
When life departs, the spirit flies away
To be with Thee, the One whom I adore,
And live with Thee and Thine forevermore.

Copyright: ©

 a acceptable adore after all alone and at away battle’s be bearing blessèd breaks brings but christ close comes cross crown dark dawn day death defeat departs do filled find flies forevermore from fulfil give gives glory honours i in is last let life live lord loss master may me my night not o of one only past peace pure purpose rest resurrection spirit spoil sure sweet that the thee them thine this thy to toil triumph victory victor’s weary when who whom will with 

----------------------------------------

318. As You Journey Home

As you journey home with Jesus,
On the heavenly manna fed,
Let your heart go out to others:
With the hungry share your bread.

	Break your bread with hand unsparing,
	Rich the harvest you shall reap;
	Prove your heartfelt love for Jesus:
	Feed His lambs and feed His sheep.

Are you bearing fruit for Jesus,
Or a cumberer of the ground?
Those who seek to succour many,
Rich in fruitfulness abound.

“Give, it shall to you be given”–
Prove this golden rule is true.
Well pressed down and running over,
Thus the Lord will give to you.

Let your life be one of service
In the Master’s harvest field,
Sacrificed for Him unsparing;
Rich and sure will be the yield.

Copyright: ©

 a abound and are as be bearing bread break cumberer down fed feed field for fruit fruitfulness give given go golden ground hand harvest heart heartfelt heavenly him his home hungry in is it jesus journey lambs let life lord love manna many master’s of on one or others out over pressed prove reap rich rule running sacrificed seek service shall share sheep succour sure the this those thus to true unsparing well who will with yield you your 

----------------------------------------

319. ’Tis Not in Vain to Yield

’Tis not in vain to yield ourselves each day,
To serve the Lord and all His will obey;
Let us be yielded, always found
Among the ones who in His work abound.

	’Tis not in vain: oh, may our hearts retain
	This precious thought, And glorify His name
	In all we think and say and do,
	And to the very end keep pure and true.

’Tis not in vain to die indeed to sin
And be a living offering unto Him;
This is the offering we will bring
To Him who died to save us from death’s sting.

’Tis not in vain to labour on with love,
With heart and mind fixed on the things above;
God ne’er forgets, His eyes behold
The labour of each one within His fold.

’Tis not in vain, though hardness we endure;
For through it all, of blessing we are sure;
And if we finish in the race,
With joy we’ll one day meet Him face to face.

Copyright: ©

 a abound above all always among and are be behold blessing bring day death’s die died do each end endure eyes face finish fixed fold for forgets found from glorify god hardness heart hearts him his if in indeed is it joy keep labour let living lord love may meet mind name ne’er not obey of offering oh on one ones our ourselves precious pure race retain save say serve sin sting sure the things think this though thought through tis to true unto us vain very we we’ll who will with within work yield yielded 

----------------------------------------

320. I Love My Master

I am a servant, I’m bought with a price;
I would be faithful and true to my trust.
When I consider my Master so kind,
I would be loyal and just.

	“I love my Master, I love my Master,”
	Plainly I say this today,
	“Let my marked ear show the choice I have made:
	I’ll be His servant for aye.”

I have a Master whose favour I seek,
One whom I willingly serve day by day;
I am content just to live for His smile–
This does so richly repay.

I do not choose to go free from my Lord;
I will still serve Him through unfeignèd love.
I have found peace in the household of faith,
Heeding His voice from above.

Yes, I’ll say plainly that I love the Lord,
And His commandments– not grievous to me,
For my own good– I will keep to the end,
Never from Him to go free.

Copyright: ©

 a above am and aye be bought by choice choose commandments consider content day do does ear end faith faithful favour for found free from go good grievous have heeding him his household i in i’ll i’m just keep kind let live lord love loyal made marked master me my never not of one own peace plainly price repay richly say seek servant serve show smile so still that the this through to today true trust unfeignèd voice when whom whose will willingly with would yes 

----------------------------------------

321. Hearts It Is the World Requires

Hearts it is the world requires,
Hearts from doubting free and pure;
Hearts not closed by wrong desires,
But Christ’s footsteps follow sure.
Hearts both brave and filled with courage,
As God’s men of old we see,
And who seek but God to honour,
Love Him, and like Him would be.

	Hearts that lift on high the banner,
	Where the conflict fierce doth fall,
	Not afraid of death or danger;
	Hearts that understand God’s call.

Hearts both true and faithful beating,
Who for others’ needs do move;
From all treachery retreating,
Hearts aflame with heavenly love.
Hearts for needy ever searching;
Hearts controlled by Him alone;
Who, though death and anguish facing,
Pray, “Dear Lord, Thy will be done.”

Hearts with love for those who perish,
Tender, warm, for rich and poor;
Lukewarm hearts God cannot cherish
In salvation’s holy war.
Hearts, like Jesus’, yielded wholly,
Counting all of earth but loss;
Hearts that, with His, share, but gladly,
Sorrow, suffering and the cross.

 aflame afraid all alone and anguish as banner be beating both brave but by call cannot cherish christ’s closed conflict controlled counting courage cross danger dear death desires do done doth doubting earth ever facing faithful fall fierce filled follow footsteps for free from gladly god god’s hearts heavenly high him his holy honour in is it jesus lift like lord loss love lukewarm men move needs needy not of old on or others perish poor pray pure requires retreating rich salvation’s searching see seek share sorrow suffering sure tender that the those though thy to treachery true understand war warm we where who wholly will with world would wrong yielded 

----------------------------------------

322. Help Me, Lord

Help me, Lord, to be wholehearted
Through this life’s short pilgrimage;
May a true and faithful service
All my ransomed powers engage.

	Help me, Lord, to be wholehearted,
	Serving Thee with love and zeal,
	Pouring out my life like Jesus,
	Who did all Thy will reveal.

Help me, Lord, to be wholehearted,
Daily yielding Thee my all
As a sacrifice well-pleasing,
Till I reach my heavenly goal.

Help me, Lord, to be wholehearted,
Heark’ning to Thy voice alway,
That I might in turn re-echo
Words of life to those astray.

Every other source is failing:
Naught can satisfaction bring
But a true, wholehearted service
Unto Thee, my Lord and King.

Copyright: ©

 a all alway and as astray be bring but can daily did echo engage every failing faithful goal heark’ning heavenly help i in is jesus king life life’s like lord love may me might my naught of other out pilgrimage pleasing pouring powers ransomed re reach reveal sacrifice satisfaction service serving short source that thee this those through thy till to true turn unto voice well who wholehearted will with words yielding zeal 

----------------------------------------

323. Youth

Dear Lord, we thank Thee for our youth today
Who know such love for Thy great truth and way,
They close their eyes to earth’s corrupting charms,
Choosing instead Thine everlasting arms.

	Dear Saviour, keep them hour by hour
	Within the circle of Thy wondrous power,
	Doing each thoughtful deed,
	Meeting each Kingdom need,
	Sowing their lives as seed, to live evermore.

When flesh would rise like giants in their strength,
Defying truth and boasting at great length,
Destroying faith, discouraging the heart,
Defend Thine own, draw near and take their part.

When Satan, whispering with his subtle voice,
Tempts them to be untrue to heaven’s choice,
Grant them the wisdom to avoid his snares;
Help them to know their heavenly Father cares.

Copyright: ©

 and arms as at avoid be boasting by cares charms choice choosing circle close corrupting dear deed defend defying destroying discouraging doing draw each earth’s everlasting evermore eyes faith father flesh for giants grant great heart heavenly heaven’s help his hour in instead keep kingdom know length like live lives lord love meeting near need of our own part power rise satan saviour seed snares sowing strength subtle such take tempts thank the thee their them they thine thoughtful thy to today truth untrue voice way we when whispering who wisdom with within wondrous would youth 

----------------------------------------

324. Live for Others

Live for others day by day–
’Tis the true, the better way;
’Tis the way the Son of God,
When on earth, as Saviour trod.

	Live for others every day:
	Be a blessing while you may,
	Ever loving, kind and true,
	Jesus-like in all you do.

Live for others, for that One,
Who though God’s belovèd Son,
Yet for others lived and died,
And is crowned, the Crucified.

Live for others, spend, be spent:
’Tis the life the Master meant–
Giving with a lavish hand,
Meeting ever love’s demand.

Live for others, and when death
Shall cut short life’s latest breath,
You with joy shall meet the Lord
And receive a full reward.

 a all and as be belovèd better blessing breath by crowned crucified cut day death demand died do earth ever every for full giving god god’s hand in is jesus joy kind latest lavish life life’s like live lived lord love’s loving master may meant meet meeting of on one others receive reward saviour shall short son spend spent that the though tis trod true way when while who with yet you 

----------------------------------------

325. Not Unto Men I Labour

Not unto men I labour,
Not unto men I pray,
But in Thy sight, Lord Jesus,
I walk the lowly way;
And unto mine own Master,
I either stand or fall:
What men have said about me–
That will not count at all.

	My service is unto Thee, to Thee,
	My service is unto Thee;
	Through sorrow or pain, through loss or gain,
	My service is unto Thee.

Lord, may my steps be ordered
By Thine indwelling love,
True to Thy life’s example,
True to Thy will above;
Though I may walk in shadow
Or in the noonday light,
Let me know rest of spirit
Through living in Thy sight.

I know the heart is sinful–
None dareth trust his own;
’Tis not in man that walketh
To guide his steps alone.
He only doth walk wisely,
Can be assured of right,
Who, with his eyes on Jesus,
Is walking in the light.

Copyright: ©

 about above all alone and assured at be but by can count dareth doth either example eyes fall gain guide have he heart his i in indwelling is jesus know labour let life’s light living lord loss love lowly man master may me men mine my none noonday not of on only or ordered own pain pray rest right said service shadow sight sinful sorrow spirit stand steps that the thee thine though through thy tis to true trust unto walk walketh walking way what who will wisely with 

----------------------------------------

326. When Sore Afflictions

When sore afflictions press my soul,
And darkness gathers o’er my way,
I look above and trust in Him
Who ever leads me night and day.

When gloomy fears possess my heart,
I seek the shelter of His breast;
Where all is peace and joy and light,
In confidence I calmly rest.

What full provision God has made
For those who daily seek His care;
The pure in heart shall see His face,
His ear is open to their prayer.

The race is not unto the swift,
The strong no glories ever win;
The secret of all victory is
Obedience to the Christ within.

Then, fainting not, I press along
The path where He has gone before,
The blood-stained path which leads to God,
To heaven and home forevermore.

Copyright: ©

 above afflictions all along and before blood breast calmly care christ confidence daily darkness day ear ever face fainting fears for forevermore full gathers gloomy glories god gone has he heart heaven him his home i in is joy leads light look made me my night no not obedience of open o’er path peace possess prayer press provision pure race rest secret see seek shall shelter sore soul stained strong swift the their then those to trust unto victory way what when where which who win within 

----------------------------------------

327. He Who Hath Led

He who hath led will lead
All through the wilderness;
He who hath fed will surely feed,
He who hath blessed will bless.
He who hath heard thy cry
Will never close His ear;
He who hath marked thy faintest sigh
Will not forget thy tear.

He who hath made thee whole
Will heal thee day by day;
He who hath spoken to thy soul
Hath many things to say.
He who hath gently taught
Yet more will make thee know;
He who so wondrously hath wrought
Yet greater things will show.

He who hath made thee nigh
Will draw thee nearer still;
He who hath given the first supply
Will satisfy and fill.
He who hath given thee grace
Yet more and more will send;
He who hath set thee in the race
Will speed thee to the end.

He who hath won thy heart
Will keep it true and free;
He who hath shown thee what thou art
Will show Himself to thee.
He who hath bid thee live
And made thy life His own,
Life more abundantly will give
And keep it His alone.

 abundantly all alone and art bid bless blessed by close cry day draw ear end faintest fed feed fill first forget free gently give given grace greater hath he heal heard heart himself his in it keep know lead led life live made make many marked more nearer never nigh not own race satisfy say send set show shown sigh so soul speed spoken still supply surely taught tear the thee things thou through thy to true what who whole wilderness will won wondrously wrought yet 

----------------------------------------

328. Ere We Part

Ere we part, to Thee, our Saviour,
We would lift our hearts in praise
For Thy kindness that has kept us
And Thy mercy all our days.

	Lord, more firmly to Thine altar
	May our sacrifice be bound,
	And the savour of our offering,
	Pleasing to Thy heart be found.

In the bosom of the future
Wait the tests we cannot see;
Let Thy presence, Lord, be with us,
Giving grace and victory.

In the world, with darkness reigning,
Sound the sighs of dying men;
Lord, we would be lights to help them,
Showing forth Thy love again.

When a brother weary, fainting,
Needs our comfort for the soul,
May Thy law of loving-kindness
In our hearts have full control.

Copyright: ©

 a again all altar and be bosom bound brother cannot comfort control darkness days dying ere fainting firmly for forth found full future giving grace has have heart hearts help in kept kindness law let lift lights lord love loving may men mercy more needs of offering our part pleasing praise presence reigning sacrifice saviour savour see showing sighs soul sound tests that the thee them thine thy to us victory wait we weary when with world would 

----------------------------------------

329. Bind Me in Thy Yoke

Bind me in Thy yoke, Lord Jesus;
Draw me with the bands of love,
For I long to labour with Thee,
Christ and Saviour much beloved.

Bind me in Thy yoke, Lord Jesus;
Only thus can I go on:
As I hear Thy voice, obeying,
For my heart to Thee is won.

Bind me in Thy yoke, Lord Jesus,
Step by step to walk with Thee;
Living only for Thy will, Lord,
From all bondage sets me free.

Bind me in Thy yoke, Lord Jesus;
Other yoke would heavy be.
Selfish freedoms are but bondage;
In Thy truth is liberty.

Bind me in Thy yoke, Lord Jesus,
From the dawning of the day,
With Thy touch of kindness guiding
Till the last step of the way.

Copyright: ©

 all and are as bands be beloved bind bondage but by can christ dawning day draw for free freedoms from go guiding hear heart heavy i in is jesus kindness labour last liberty living long lord love me much my obeying of on only other saviour selfish sets step the thee thus thy till to touch truth voice walk way will with won would yoke 

----------------------------------------

330. Go, Labour On

Go, labour on, spend and be spent,
Thy joy to do the Father’s will;
It is the way the Master went:
Should not the servant tread it still?

Go, labour on, ’tis not for naught;
Thy earthly loss is heavenly gain;
Men heed thee, love thee, praise thee not;
The Master praises– what are men?

Men die in darkness at thy side,
Without a hope to cheer the tomb;
Take up the torch and wave it wide,
The torch that lights time’s thickest gloom.

Toil on, faint not, keep watch and pray,
Be wise the erring soul to win;
Go forth into the world’s highway,
Compel the wanderer to come in.

 a and are at be cheer come compel darkness die do earthly erring faint father’s for forth gain gloom go heavenly heed highway hope in into is it joy keep labour lights loss love master men naught not on praise praises pray servant should side soul spend spent still take that the thee thickest thy time’s tis to toil tomb torch tread up wanderer watch wave way went what wide will win wise without world’s 

----------------------------------------

331. Evermore Consider Jesus

Evermore consider Jesus,
Think upon His faithful life;
This will heal your soul’s deep sorrow,
Nerve your heart to face the strife.

	He will never, never fail you–
	God’s anointed, chosen One.
	Sacrifice and suffer with Him,
	Till the crown of life is won.

Sin in every form opposing,
Selfishness on every side,
True in heart, in mind and purpose,
Follow Him, the faithful Guide.

Without spot to God He offered
His pure life in sacrifice,
Gladly gave the whole burnt offering,
Precious in His Father’s eyes.

Live above the gloom and darkness:
Walk in God’s unclouded light.
Hate the world, its sin and folly:
Keep your garments clean and white.

Copyright: ©

 above and anointed burnt chosen clean consider crown darkness deep evermore every eyes face fail faithful father’s follow folly form garments gave gladly gloom god god’s guide hate he heal heart him his in is its jesus keep life light live mind nerve never of offered offering on one opposing precious pure purpose sacrifice selfishness side sin sorrow soul’s spot strife suffer the think this till to true unclouded upon walk white whole will with without won world you your 

----------------------------------------

332. Lord, How Good

Lord, how good, and oh, how pleasant
When Thy people dwell as one,
Bound in bonds of love, uniting
To the Father and the Son.
Bowing lowly in Thy presence,
Grant us now Thy liberty,
And anoint our hearts together
With the oil of unity.

	As before Thy throne we worship
	And with humble hearts adore,
	Wilt Thou, Lord, command the blessing,
	Even life forevermore.

Lord, how good, and oh, how pleasant
When Thy people dwell as one,
Scattered far, yet bound so closely
Through the work that Thou hast done.
May Thy Spirit, Lord, unite us–
Bringing peace no tongue can tell–
As the dew so soft descending
On the hills of Israel.

Lord, how good, and oh, how pleasant
When Thy people dwell as one,
Hand in hand to face the conflict
Till the crown at last is won:
Love uniting, ever closer,
Hearts as one to seek Thy face,
Overflowing with Thy praises
For the riches of Thy grace.

Copyright: ©

 adore and anoint as at before blessing bonds bound bowing bringing can closely closer command conflict crown descending dew done dwell even ever face far father for forevermore good grace grant hand hast hearts hills how humble in is israel last liberty life lord love lowly may no now of oh oil on one our overflowing peace people pleasant praises presence riches scattered seek so soft son spirit tell that the thou throne through thy till to together tongue unite uniting unity us we when wilt with won work worship yet 

----------------------------------------

333. May They All Be One

“May they all be one, my Father”–
’Twas the Saviour’s tender cry
As He prayed with His disciples
Just before He was to die.

	One with His who’ve gone before,
	One with His today are we–
	One in Him who loves and keeps us,
	One for all eternity.

“May they all be one, as we are–
Those whom Thou hast given me.”
Left behind, so few in number,
Witnesses for Him to be.

“May they all be one, my Father,
All who shall believe on me,
Showing men through passing ages
That I have been sent by Thee.”

“May they all be one,” the Saviour
Pleads today for us above,
Longs to see His own united,
Knit together in His love.

Copyright: ©

 above ages all and are as be been before behind believe by cry die disciples eternity father few for given gone hast have he him his i in just keeps knit left longs love loves may me men my number on one own passing pleads prayed saviour saviour’s see sent shall showing so tender that the thee they those thou through to today together twas united us was we who whom who’ve with witnesses 

----------------------------------------

334. Through the Night

Through the night of doubt and sorrow
Onward goes the pilgrim band,
Singing songs of expectation,
Marching to the Promised Land.

Clear before us through the darkness
Gleams and burns the guiding Light;
Brother clasps the hand of brother,
Stepping fearless through the night.

One the light of God’s own presence
O’er His ransomed people shed,
Chasing far the gloom and terror,
Brightening all the path we tread.

One the object of our journey,
One the faith which never tires,
One the earnest looking forward,
One the hope our God inspires.

One the strain that lips of thousands
Lift as from the heart of one;
One the conflict, one the peril,
One the march in God begun.

One the gladness of rejoicing
On the far eternal shore,
Where the one Almighty Father
Reigns in love forevermore.

 all almighty and as band before begun brightening brother burns chasing clasps clear conflict darkness doubt earnest eternal expectation faith far father fearless forevermore forward from gladness gleams gloom god god’s goes guiding hand heart his hope in inspires journey land lift light lips looking love march marching never night object of on one onward our own o’er path people peril pilgrim presence promised ransomed reigns rejoicing shed shore singing songs sorrow stepping strain terror that the thousands through tires to tread us we where which 

----------------------------------------

335. No East or West

In Christ there is no east or west,
In Him no south or north;
’Tis one, the Shepherd’s sacred flock,
Though scattered o’er the earth.

In Christ His people everywhere
Their sweet communion find;
In unison, their hearts as one,
God’s tender mercies bind.

As brothers, sisters, of one faith,
Whate’er their tongue or race,
United stand, from bondage free,
True monuments of grace.

Forth from the corners of the earth,
When sounds the clarion call,
The Bride of Christ shall gathered be
To Him, their All in all.

Copyright: ©

 all as be bind bondage bride brothers call christ clarion communion corners earth east everywhere faith find flock forth free from gathered god’s grace hearts him his in is mercies monuments no north of one or o’er people race sacred scattered shall shepherd’s sisters sounds south stand sweet tender the their there though tis to tongue true unison united west whate’er when 

----------------------------------------

336. Saviour, Keep Me True

Saviour, keep me true and faithful,
Ever yielding to Thy will,
Daily walking in Thy counsel,
Restful, quiet, calm and still.

	Saviour, keep me pure in heart,
	Ever faithful, true to Thee;
	Teach me all Thy mind and will–
	May they be fulfilled in me.

Every foe I mean to conquer,
Since Thy power and grace are mine,
Overcome the wiles of Satan,
Strengthened with Thy life divine.

When I’m tested, tried and tempted,
Keep me under Thy control;
Give Thine own sweet rest and comfort
To my weary, troubled soul.

With a true, unwavering purpose,
In the strength my Lord supplies,
I will face the daily conflict,
Pressing on to gain the prize.

Copyright: ©

 a all and are be calm comfort conflict conquer control counsel daily divine ever every face faithful foe fulfilled gain give grace heart i in i’m keep life lord may me mean mind mine my of on overcome own power pressing prize pure purpose quiet rest restful satan saviour since soul still strength strengthened supplies sweet teach tempted tested the thee they thine thy to tried troubled true under unwavering walking weary when wiles will with yielding 

----------------------------------------

337. Counted In

Not to be of the wise or the rich or the great,
The applaudings of men thus to win;
But my heart does aspire with a longing desire,
With the faithful to be counted in.

	Counted in with the loyal, the brave and the true,
	Counted in with the faithful, with Christ and the few;
	Counted in, counted in–
	With the faithful to be counted in.

It may not be my part, in the conflict with sin,
In the front ranks of battle to fight;
But unhonoured, unknown, where He wants me alone,
I can faithfully stand for the right.

Satisfied if I know that my Lord is content
With the service I render each day,
I will stand at my post, where He needs me the most,
And will follow where He leads the way.

 a alone and applaudings aspire at battle be brave but can christ conflict content counted day desire does each faithful faithfully few fight follow for front great he heart i if in is it know leads longing lord loyal may me men most my needs not of or part post ranks render rich right satisfied service sin stand that the thus to true unhonoured unknown wants way where will win wise with 

----------------------------------------

338. Loose Not Thine Hold

Loose not thine hold, O soul, so weary, worn,
Loose not thine hold.
Cling fast, the night must come before the morn;
Loose not thine hold.
The path is steep, and it is filled with fear:
Lift up thine eyes, for Christ Himself is near.

He knows the way; His steps were marked with tears:
Loose not thine hold.
Consider Him; His heart knows all thy fears:
Loose not thine hold.
Though all is dark, and hope and friends are gone,
No ray of light, yet thou must still cling on.

O soul, be brave– no price too great to pay:
Loose not thine hold.
For there will come the breaking of the day:
Loose not thine hold.
Our life, at best, a few short years will tell;
Hold fast– to fail, for thee means death and hell.

When life seems bright, and all is well with thee,
Loose not thine hold.
Oft danger lurks that we may fail to see:
Loose not thine hold.
Though dark our path, or be it bright as day,
We need His grace for each step of the way.

Copyright: ©

 a all and are as at be before best brave breaking bright christ cling come consider danger dark day death each eyes fail fast fear fears few filled for friends gone grace great he heart hell him himself his hold hope is it knows life lift light loose lurks marked may means morn must near need night no not o of oft on or our path pay price ray see seems short so soul steep step steps still tears tell that the thee there thine thou though thy to too up way we weary well were when will with worn years yet 

----------------------------------------

339. Steady and True

The past with its victories and failures has flown;
With joy and with weeping much seed has been sown;
While most reap with anguish, there’ll not be a moan
From the souls who keep steady and true.

	To finish with honour the work we’ve begun,
	Means do for His sake all we do;
	We’ll reap golden sheaves, when our sowing is done,
	If we always keep steady and true.

It helps us to know as we fight the good fight,
And comrades succumb to the foe’s awful might,
That Christ intercedes now by day and by night
For the souls who keep steady and true.

There’s constant renewing for all who will pray;
There’s balm for each wound and relief for dismay;
For wisdom and grace are bestowed every day
On the souls who keep steady and true.

If, true to our calling, we face the world’s frown,
We’ll have no regrets when the sun goeth down;
For then we’ll receive the long-coveted crown,
The reward of the steady and true.

Copyright: ©

 a all always and anguish are as awful balm be been begun bestowed by calling christ comrades constant coveted crown day dismay do done down each every face failures fight finish flown foe’s for from frown goeth golden good grace has have helps his honour if intercedes is it its joy keep know long means might moan most much night no not now of on our past pray reap receive regrets relief renewing reward sake seed sheaves souls sowing sown steady succumb sun that the then there’ll there’s to true us victories we weeping we’ll we’ve when while who will wisdom with work world’s wound 

----------------------------------------

340. Let Not My Soul

Let not my soul be filled with needless sorrow
When darkness gathers o’er my pilgrim way;
The One who cares today will care tomorrow;
His mighty hand will be my strength and stay.

	In Thee, O Lord, my soul will trust today;
	Help me to trust Thee alway.

Bind Thou my life, O Lord, unto Thine altar;
There I have laid my all at Thy request;
Grant, Lord, that I may never shrink nor falter,
But yield each day to Thee my very best.

Let not my hope in Christ be ever shaken,
But as an anchor firm and sure remain;
The trump shall sound, the dead in Christ shall waken,
To be with Him when He shall come again.

Copyright: ©

 again all altar alway an anchor and as at be best bind but care cares christ come darkness day dead each ever falter filled firm gathers grant hand have he help him his hope i in laid let life lord may me mighty my needless never nor not o one o’er pilgrim remain request shaken shall shrink sorrow soul sound stay strength sure that the thee there thine thou thy to today tomorrow trump trust unto very waken way when who will with yield 

----------------------------------------

341. In the Shadow of the Highest

In the shadow of the Highest is a refuge from all fear,
Where the comfort of His presence drives away each troubled tear;
For when trials press the hardest, God’s own Son draws very near
To His patient, loyal bearers of the cross.

	Does the Master’s plea for constancy find echo in thy heart?
	Art thou pained to see His kingdom suffer loss?
	Throw thy soul into the conflict; do thy faithful, honest part,
	As a patient, loyal bearer of the cross.

Ages have not dimmed the record of the souls who did their best–
Toiling, praying, sacrificing, bravely meeting every test.
And we have their simple message, though they’ve entered into rest–
God’s own patient, loyal bearers of the cross.

We can find these souls of greatness where the walls are weak and low,
Where the burden is the greatest and the tears most often flow.
And though worn and tried and tested, heaven’s beacons always glow
In the patient, loyal bearers of the cross.

Copyright: ©

 a ages all always and are art as away beacons bearer bearers best bravely burden can comfort conflict constancy cross did dimmed do does draws drives each echo entered every faithful fear find flow for from glow god’s greatest greatness hardest have heart heaven’s highest his honest in into is kingdom loss low loyal master’s meeting message most near not of often own pained part patient plea praying presence press record refuge rest sacrificing see shadow simple son soul souls suffer tear tears test tested the their these they’ve thou though throw thy to toiling trials tried troubled very walls we weak when where who worn 

----------------------------------------

342. I Would Be True

I would be true because my Father trusts me
With many precious things and treasures rare.
Oh, may I not betray the trust that’s given,
But faithful be and steady in His care.

I would be true for there are those who trust me,
Who are His blood-bought ones, His faithful band.
O help me, Lord, that I may never fail them,
But, for the truth, fear not to take my stand.

I would be true because of those who trust me,
Who are outside the fold and hopeless roam;
For if some day they long to know the Saviour,
Oh, may they find the way to heaven and home.

I would be true to all He has committed
Unto my trust, whatever that may be.
And may I never, never disappoint Him
Until the day His glorious face I see.

Copyright: ©

 all and are band be because betray blood bought but care committed day disappoint face fail faithful father fear find fold for given glorious has he heaven help him his home hopeless i if in know long lord many may me my never not o of oh ones outside precious rare roam saviour see some stand steady take that that’s the them there they things those to treasures true trust trusts truth until unto way whatever who with would 

----------------------------------------

343. Never Let Your Courage Falter

Never let your courage falter
As you do the right,
For the Lord will safely lead you
Through the darkest night.
Many foes may rise to hinder;
They shall rise to fall.
Those who cleave to God will prosper
And will conquer all.

	Never let your courage falter;
	Always faithful be.
	Bind me, Lord, unto Thine altar:
	Ever Thine I’ll be.

Never let your heart grow weary,
Should the way seem long;
Sow in hope and you will surely
Sing the reaper’s song.
There’s no promise God has given
But He will fulfil;
So, with unfeigned faith and patience
Let us do His will.

Never let your eyes look backward
In the heavenly strife;
Ever keep your face set forward
In the path of life.
Though at times the goal seems distant,
Very far away,
Soon will pass the light affliction,
Soon come endless day.

Never let your hands be idle:
There is much to do.
Hear God’s urgent call to service;
Labourers are few.
Paths of usefulness surround you–
Need for every hand;
All our talents and our efforts
Ripened fields demand.

Copyright: ©

 affliction all altar always and are as at away backward be bind but call cleave come conquer courage darkest day demand distant do efforts endless ever every eyes face faith faithful fall falter far few fields foes for forward fulfil given goal god god’s grow hand hands has he hear heart heavenly hinder his hope idle in is i’ll keep labourers lead let life light long look lord many may me much need never night no of our pass path paths patience promise prosper reaper’s right ripened rise safely seem seems service set shall should sing so song soon sow strife surely surround talents the there there’s they thine those though through times to unfeigned unto urgent us usefulness very way weary who will with you your 

----------------------------------------

344. Leave Me Not Alone

Dear Saviour, leave me not alone,
Hold Thou my hand within Thine own;
The shadow of Thy wings sublime
Protects, assures me I am Thine–
That I am not mine own.

I love to feel Thy presence near,
Dispelling all my doubt and fear,
To hear Thy voice within my soul,
Inspiring me to reach the goal,
Imparting words of cheer.

O Guardian of my soul so nigh,
Each passing hour stay Thou nearby;
Night shades may settle o’er my way–
With Thee I do not fear the fray
Nor dread the battle cry.

How sweet Thy gentle touch divine,
Upon Thy bosom to recline,
To taste the joys of heaven above,
Abide each day within Thy love;
Dear Saviour, I am Thine.

Copyright: ©

 abide above all alone am and assures battle bosom cheer cry day dear dispelling divine do doubt dread each fear feel fray gentle goal guardian hand hear heaven hold hour how i imparting inspiring joys leave love may me mine my near nearby nigh night nor not o of own o’er passing presence protects reach recline saviour settle shades shadow so soul stay sublime sweet taste that the thee thine thou thy to touch upon voice way wings with within words 

----------------------------------------

345. I Will Journey All the Way

I will journey all the way with my Redeemer;
In love He sought and found me when astray;
He blotted out my guilty past forever
And placed my feet within the narrow way.

	There’s no other friend to me like my Redeemer;
	I will journey on with Him unto the end.
	There is naught in heaven or earth can separate me
	From Him who is my everlasting friend.

I will journey all the way with my Redeemer;
There is no friend with Him that can compare;
For me He laid aside His Father’s glory,
That I with Him eternal joys might share.

I will journey all the way with my Redeemer;
He loves me with a pure, unchanging love;
His righteousness and grace will make me worthy
To share with Him the Father’s home above.

I will journey all the way with my Redeemer,
Though others turn aside, their Lord betray.
His beauty far outshines their earthly treasure;
His love will bear me on till close of day.

Copyright: ©

 a above all and aside astray bear beauty betray blotted can close compare day earth earthly end eternal everlasting far father’s feet for forever found friend from glory grace guilty he heaven him his home i in is journey joys laid like lord love loves make me might my narrow naught no of on or other others out outshines past placed pure redeemer righteousness separate share sought that the their there there’s though till to treasure turn unchanging unto way when who will with within worthy 

----------------------------------------

346. I Cannot Now Go Back

Thy vows are binding, Lord, on me;
My heart is purposed I will be
A living sacrifice for Thee;
I cannot now go back.

	I cannot now go back,
	I cannot now go back.
	Thou, Lord, hast heard the vows I made;
	I cannot now go back.

I follow at my Saviour’s call;
My first and best, I yield it all
And give my talents great or small;
I cannot now go back.

I long to live for Him alone:
My life is His, my heart His throne.
Why should I rob Him of His own?
I cannot now go back.

I forward press to gain the prize,
Strong in the grace my Lord supplies;
Though daily I must sacrifice,
I cannot now go back.

Copyright: ©

 a all alone and are at back be best binding call cannot daily first follow for forward gain give go grace great hast heard heart him his i in is it life live living long lord made me must my now of on or own press prize purposed rob sacrifice saviour’s should small strong supplies talents the thee thou though throne thy to vows why will yield 

----------------------------------------

347. Once We Were Wandering

Once we were wandering far from God
And destitute of hope in Him;
We came to Him, He shed abroad
A living, lasting hope within.

	Our hope and confidence today
	Are deeply rooted in the Lord;
	He’ll guide us safely all the way
	And bless, according to His word.

Since first we learned to hope in Him,
We’ve proved His wisdom, love and grace,
Enabling us to conquer sin,
Which once controlled, and hid His face.

Today increasing tests we face,
And some may fail to firmly stand,
But all can find sufficient grace
From Him: He saves with mighty hand.

Our thoughts of days that lie ahead
Are clothed with living hope in Him,
Who loved us so, His blood He shed
That we might be set free from sin.

Copyright: ©

 a abroad according ahead all and are be bless blood but came can clothed confidence conquer controlled days deeply destitute enabling face fail far find firmly first free from god grace guide hand he he’ll hid him his hope in increasing lasting learned lie living lord love loved may might mighty of once our proved rooted safely saves set shed sin since so some stand sufficient tests that the thoughts to today us wandering way we were we’ve which who wisdom with within word 

----------------------------------------

348. Seeking for a Better Country

Seeking for a better country,
Pilgrims, we are marching on;
God is calling, we will follow
Where the Master’s feet have gone.
Called of God to follow Jesus
And His footsteps daily trace–
Love divine, so pure and changeless,
Speeds us on to run the race.

Oft the desert way is dreary,
But our hearts rejoice to know
Jesus leads, He knows the pathway;
Joyfully with Him we go.
We must share in His rejection,
Daily face the battle’s strife;
Fellowship with Him in suffering
Brings the resurrection life.

We shall bear our Master’s image:
Let this thought possess our soul,
All our life, at His disposal,
Onward pressing to the goal.
Suffering must precede the glory,
But we know His will is best;
After toil and tribulation,
Comes the joy of home and rest.

Copyright: ©

 a after all and are at battle’s bear best better brings but called calling changeless comes country daily desert disposal divine dreary face feet fellowship follow footsteps for glory go goal god gone have he hearts him his home image in is jesus joy joyfully know knows leads let life love marching master’s must of oft on onward our pathway pilgrims possess precede pressing pure race rejection rejoice rest resurrection run seeking shall share so soul speeds strife suffering the this thought to toil trace tribulation us way we where will with 

----------------------------------------

349. My Pilgrim Way

Dear Lord, when o’er my pilgrim way
The darkened clouds hang low,
There stands reflected in the rain
Thy promise in the bow.
And so, within this heart of mine,
Although I may not see,
I know that there behind the clouds
Is One who cares for me.

And though my heart be weary, worn,
And though the way be long,
Still I may journey on with Thee
And sing the victor’s song.
For Thou, my Lord and Saviour true,
Dost hear my faintest sigh,
And all the riches of Thy grace
My every need supply.

Though Satan often may assail,
Though failure I may meet,
And sometimes in my heart I hear
The whispers of defeat,
Still I will journey on with Thee,
My hand held safe in Thine;
For nothing, Lord, can separate
From Thy great love divine.

And so along this homeward road
I know that Thou wilt guide,
And future days shall hold no fear
If Thou art by my side,
Until one day with boundless joy,
Thy wondrous face I see:
My blessèd, risen, living Lord,
Who died on Calvary.

Copyright: ©

 all along although and art assail be behind blessèd boundless bow by calvary can cares clouds darkened day days dear defeat died divine dost every face failure faintest fear for from future grace great guide hand hang hear heart held hold homeward i if in is journey joy know living long lord love low may me meet mine my need no not nothing of often on one o’er pilgrim promise rain reflected riches risen road safe satan saviour see separate shall side sigh sing so sometimes song stands still supply that the thee there thine this thou though thy true until victor’s way weary when whispers who will wilt with within wondrous worn 

----------------------------------------

350. Just Cling

When glad is thine heart and the sky is clear,
And hope lends her strength to thy soul,
When victory is thine, and the Lord is near,
And clearer thou seest the goal,

	Just cling to the hand of God’s dear Son
	No matter where He leads,
	And mark the path till the journey’s done
	With pure and Christ-like deeds.

When pained is thine heart, and the clouds hang low,
When weary thy faltering feet,
When tear-dimmed thine eyes as the seed you sow,
And all thou canst see is defeat,

Thy struggle will end at the dawn of day,
And thou shalt be glad for each test
That helped thee to value the lowly way
And gained for thy soul God’s best.

Copyright: ©

 all and as at be best canst christ clear clearer cling clouds dawn day dear deeds defeat dimmed done each end eyes faltering feet for gained glad goal god’s hand hang he heart helped her hope is journey’s just leads lends like lord low lowly mark matter near no of pained path pure see seed seest shalt sky son soul sow strength struggle tear test that the thee thine thou thy till to value victory way weary when where will with you 

----------------------------------------

351. God in Heaven

God in heaven has a treasure,
Riches none may count or tell,
Has a deep, eternal pleasure:
Christ, the Son He loves so well.
God has here on earth a treasure–
None but He its price may know–
Deep, unfathomable pleasure:
Christ revealed in saints below.

Thus, through earthen vessels only,
Shining forth in ceaseless grace,
Reaching weary hearts and lonely,
Beams the light of Jesus’ face–
Vessels worthless, broken, bearing
Through the hungry ages on,
Riches given with hand unsparing:
God’s great gift, His precious Son.

Thus, though worn and tried and tempted,
Glorious calling, saint, is thine;
Let the Lord but find thee emptied,
To be filled with love divine.
Vessels of the world’s despising,
Vessels weak and poor and base,
Bearing wealth, God’s heart is prizing:
Glory from Christ’s blessèd face.

Oh, to be but emptier, lowlier,
Meek, unnoticed and unknown,
And to God a vessel holier,
Filled with Christ and Christ alone;
Naught of earth to cloud the glory,
Naught of self the light to dim,
Telling forth His wondrous story:
Emptied– to be filled with Him.

 a ages alone and base be beams bearing below blessèd broken but calling ceaseless christ christ’s cloud count deep despising dim divine earth earthen emptied emptier eternal face filled find forth from gift given glorious glory god god’s grace great hand has he heart hearts heaven here him his holier hungry in is its jesus know let light lonely lord love loves lowlier may meek naught none of oh on only or pleasure poor precious price prizing reaching revealed riches saint saints self shining so son story tell telling tempted the thee thine though through thus to treasure tried unfathomable unknown unnoticed unsparing vessel vessels weak wealth weary well with wondrous world’s worn worthless 

----------------------------------------

352. I’ve Vowed to Be True

I’ve vowed to be true to the Saviour,
I’ve promised to serve Him for aye:
My heart would be true to that purpose,
Whatever may cross o’er my way.

	I have spoken the word of surrender;
	My Lord has the covenant sealed.
	No longer I live for earth’s pleasures;
	My life to His service I yield.

I’ve vowed to be true to the Saviour,
I’ll follow with Him all the way.
His love and approval I cherish;
What matters the price I must pay?

I’ve vowed to be true to the Saviour;
My Lord I would choose as my friend.
To Him I will cling through the shadows,
With Him pass death’s vale at the end.

I’ve vowed to be true and to change not,
What though it mean conflict and pain;
Far dearer would death be with Jesus
Than earth with its pleasure so vain.

Copyright: ©

 all and approval as at aye be change cherish choose cling conflict covenant cross dearer death death’s earth earth’s end far follow for friend has have heart him his i it its i’ll i’ve jesus life live longer lord love matters may mean must my no not of o’er pain pass pay pleasure pleasures price promised purpose saviour sealed serve service shadows so spoken surrender than that the though through to true vain vale vowed way what whatever will with word would yield 

----------------------------------------

353. Mine the Privilege

God a body has prepared me–
He in it desires to dwell;
I will yield, I cannot longer
His unequalled love repel.

	Mine the privilege to labour
	With the lowly Nazarene;
	Mine to climb the heights where others
	Through their faithfulness have been.

I’ve surrendered all to Jesus;
I delight to do His will,
Anxious all His own good pleasure
In my life He may fulfil.

I am purposed naught shall hinder–
God shall have my very best;
How to gain His loving favour:
This my eager, earnest quest.

Mine to share in His rejection,
Mine to suffer for His sake,
Mine to bear the cross with patience,
Mine His glory to partake.

Copyright: ©

 a all am anxious bear been best body cannot climb cross delight desires do dwell eager earnest faithfulness favour for fulfil gain glory god good has have he heights hinder his how i in it i’ve jesus labour life longer love loving lowly may me mine my naught nazarene others own partake patience pleasure prepared privilege purposed quest rejection repel sake shall share suffer surrendered the their this through to unequalled very where will with yield 

----------------------------------------

354. ’Tis Not in Vain

’Tis not in vain the foe to face,
The narrow way of life to take,
To victors be o’er self and sin,
Spend and be spent for Christ’s dear sake;
To face the lonely days and years,
Strong in the strength which He can give;
From corn of wheat learn how to die,
That Christ again in us may live.

’Tis not in vain to learn to pray,
To honour Him though others sneer,
To do His will from day to day,
For then we feel His presence near.
E’en though the path lies dark ahead–
We cannot see His blessèd face–
Constrained by love, we follow on
And trust Him where we cannot trace.

’Tis not in vain: those gone before
Who died in faith, this truth have proved;
They fought the battle to the last,
Sufficient found His grace and love.
’Tis not in vain, we, too, shall know,
That day when we surround the throne,
When Christ, before His Father’s face,
Shall call and claim us as His own.

Copyright: ©

 again ahead and as battle be before blessèd by call can cannot christ christ’s claim constrained corn dark day days dear die died do e’en face faith father’s feel foe follow for fought found from give gone grace have he him his honour how in know last learn lies life live lonely love may narrow near not of on others own o’er path pray presence proved sake see self shall sin sneer spend spent strength strong sufficient surround take that the then they this those though throne tis to too trace trust truth us vain victors way we wheat when where which who will years 

----------------------------------------

355. Jesus Lives in Me

As I think of my Saviour,
God’s holy, spotless Son,
Of His great love and mercy,
And all that He has done,
It fills my heart with longing,
While in this world below,
To yield my life in service
To Him who loved me so.

	I will henceforth seek to live for Jesus;
	Help me, Lord, a witness true to be.
	May my daily walk and words and actions
	Prove to all that Jesus lives in me.

I know the path is thorny
That Jesus trod down here,
The lowly Man of Sorrows,
Who faced earth’s scorn and sneer;
It calls for self-denial
And bearing of the cross;
To be a true disciple
Means earthly pain and loss.

My heart shall be His temple,
And as He dwells within,
He’ll keep me pure and spotless,
Though compassed round with sin.
My members all, if yielded,
He’ll use in His employ:
The thought of such an honour
Fills all my heart with joy.

Copyright: ©

 a actions all an and as be bearing below calls compassed cross daily denial disciple done down dwells earthly earth’s employ faced fills for god’s great has he heart help henceforth here he’ll him his holy honour i if in is it jesus joy keep know life live lives longing lord loss love loved lowly man may me means members mercy my of pain path prove pure round saviour scorn seek self service shall sin sneer so son sorrows spotless such temple that the think this thorny though thought to trod true use walk while who will with within witness words world yield yielded 

----------------------------------------

356. How Blessèd Are the Undefiled

How blessèd are the undefiled
Amid sin’s waste and barren land,
Who walk God’s lowly way of life,
Led by a loving Father’s hand.

	By precious blood made nigh to God,
	They follow where the Master trod.

How blessèd are the undefiled,
Who love His holy will and way;
Wholeheartedly they walk therein,
Their Father, God, their strength and stay.

How blessèd are the undefiled,
Who will not be enticed aside;
With eyes anointed they behold
And walk with Jesus crucified.

How blessèd are the undefiled
And pure in heart, who see His face;
With love unfeigned they worship Him,
Rejoicing in His truth and grace.

Copyright: ©

 a amid and anointed are aside barren be behold blessèd blood by crucified enticed eyes face father father’s follow god god’s grace hand heart him his holy how in jesus land led life love loving lowly made master nigh not of precious pure rejoicing see sin’s stay strength the their therein they to trod truth undefiled unfeigned walk waste way where who wholeheartedly will with worship 

----------------------------------------

357. Fret Not Thy Soul

Fret not thy soul– be true to Jesus,
Though thorns thy daily path bestrew;
Someday thy heart, forgetting sorrow,
Shall see His face, thy Bridegroom true.

	Be true today, let not tomorrow
	With anxious fears becloud thy soul.
	Be true today, fret not nor sorrow;
	Thy cares upon the Saviour roll.

Fret not thy soul– through times of darkness,
No cheering light illumes the way;
Thine eyes shall see heaven’s sun unclouded,
The dawn of God’s eternal day.

Fret not thy soul– but walk with Jesus,
And feast on His unchanging love;
On earth rejected, but in glory,
Our home shall be with Him above.

Fret not thy soul– Jesus is coming!
Our years of waiting will be past;
Our eyes shall see Him in His beauty,
And righteousness shall reign at last.

Copyright: ©

 above and anxious at be beauty becloud bestrew bridegroom but cares cheering coming daily darkness dawn day earth eternal eyes face fears feast forgetting fret glory god’s heart heaven’s him his home illumes in is jesus last let light love no nor not of on our past path reign rejected righteousness roll saviour see shall someday sorrow soul sun the thine thorns though through thy times to today tomorrow true unchanging unclouded upon waiting walk way will with years 

----------------------------------------

358. My Heart Has One Desire

My heart has one desire today:
To do my heavenly Father’s will
And never from the Shepherd stray,
But in His hands be restful, still.

	His will I purpose now to do
	And yield my life to His control;
	His hand will guide and keep me true
	Till I have safely reached the goal.

The path that Jesus trod for me,
That life eternal might be mine,
I’ll seek to follow joyfully
And all my will to Him resign.

Why should I spend my strength for naught,
For things which only fade and die?
The Son of God my life has bought,
And He alone can satisfy.

Copyright: ©

 all alone and be bought but can control desire die do eternal fade father’s follow for from goal god guide hand hands has have he heart heavenly him his i in i’ll jesus joyfully keep life me might mine my naught never now of one only path purpose reached resign restful safely satisfy seek shepherd should son spend still stray strength that the things till to today trod true which why will yield 

----------------------------------------

359. So Strange It Seems

So strange it seems and wondrous
What Thou hast done for me:
My course in life is altered
Since I have met with Thee.
For on my way to heaven
Thou, Lord, my feet hast set,
And whispered, “Leave earth’s pleasures–
They’ll only bring regret.”

	Help me to keep on going
	With heart and purpose true,
	Earth’s fading joys receding,
	And heaven’s reward in view.

The world and flesh and devil
All try to hinder me
And show me what I’m missing
As I go on with Thee;
But Thou to me hast opened
A better, grander view:
A crown in heaven awaiting
Thy chosen, faithful few.

O keep mine eyes anointed
God’s best each day to see;
May earth’s vain, empty pleasures
Have no power over me.
When Satan tries to hinder,
And doubt fills me with fear,
Oh, may my heart keep listening
Thy still, small voice to hear.

Copyright: ©

 a all altered and anointed as awaiting best better bring but chosen course crown day devil done doubt each earth’s empty eyes fading faithful fear feet few fills flesh for go god’s going grander hast have hear heart heaven heaven’s help hinder i in is it i’m joys keep leave life listening lord may me met mine missing my no o oh on only opened over pleasures power purpose receding regret reward satan see seems set show since small so still strange the thee they’ll thou thy to tries true try vain view voice way what when whispered with wondrous world 

----------------------------------------

360. I Have Overcome

“I have overcome the world,”
Hear the words of Jesus.
Daily walking in the truth
From all bondage frees us.

	I will walk in the truth;
	Naught from Christ can sever.
	Loved with love as strong as death,
	I am His forever.

Trusting in the Saviour’s blood,
Darkest clouds are riven,
All my sins are washed away,
All the past forgiven.

Love divine will bear me through
Days of tribulation,
Singing songs of joy and praise
For His great salvation.

Growing in His truth and grace,
Sweet the gospel story;
Those who love Him to the end,
They shall share His glory.

Copyright: ©

 all am and are as away bear blood bondage can christ clouds daily darkest days death divine end for forever forgiven frees from glory gospel grace great growing have hear him his i in jesus joy love loved me my naught of overcome past praise riven salvation saviour’s sever shall share singing sins songs story strong sweet the they those through to tribulation trusting truth us walk walking washed who will with words world 

----------------------------------------

361. When First We Heard

When first we heard the message
And yielded up our all,
Set forth to meet the Bridegroom,
Naught could our soul appal;
But after years of waiting,
As tests and trials abound,
Among the wise or foolish,
Oh, where shall we be found?

	Rise, trim your lamps, be ready;
	Dark night will soon be past.
	The Bridegroom must be nearing;
	Hold fast, till then hold fast.

As shades of night encircle,
Has faith given way to fear?
Or through the darkness gleaming,
Does hope our spirits cheer?
Some by our side are sleeping,
Have loosed their precious hold;
Iniquity’s abounding;
Shall our love, too, grow cold?

Though others may prove faithless,
Keep true, ’tis not in vain;
Faith, hope and love abiding,
Will firm till death remain.
With steadfast mind and purpose,
Abiding in His will,
Through lonely midnight watches
Keep watching, waiting still.

Copyright: ©

 abiding abound abounding after all among and appal are as be bridegroom but by cheer cold could dark darkness death does encircle faith faithless fast fear firm first foolish forth found given gleaming grow has have heard his hold hope in iniquity’s keep lamps lonely loosed love may meet message midnight mind must naught nearing night not of oh or others our past precious prove purpose ready remain rise set shades shall side sleeping some soon soul spirits steadfast still tests the their then though through till tis to too trials trim true up vain waiting watches watching way we when where will wise with years yielded your 

----------------------------------------

362. Longings

I long to know Thee better day by day;
I want to draw much closer when I pray,
To listen more intently for Thy voice,
To let the things Thou choosest be my choice.

I long to serve Thee better hour by hour,
Depending more entirely on Thy power;
I want to know more fully all Thy will,
To count upon each promise and be still.

I long to keep more closely at Thy side,
To worship in Thy presence and abide;
I want to rest more calmly in Thy care,
Assured that Thou wilt keep me safely there.

I long to find new beauties in Thy word,
To follow in the footsteps of my Lord;
And, oh, the greatest longing, through Thy grace,
Is that mine eyes may see Thee face to face.

 abide all and assured at be beauties better by calmly care choice choosest closely closer count day depending draw each entirely eyes face find follow footsteps for fully grace greatest hour i in intently is keep know let listen long longing lord may me mine more much my new of oh on power pray presence promise rest safely see serve side still that the thee there things thou through thy to upon voice want when will wilt word worship 

----------------------------------------

363. Jesus Trod the Pathway

Jesus trod the pathway leading unto God’s right hand;
You can trace His footsteps daily to the better land;
It is building on the Rock and not upon the sand–
Hearing and obeying Christ the Saviour.

	I will follow Thee, my Lord, and Thy sweet will obey,
	Gladly yielding Thee my best and all from day to day;
	For Thou wilt give the needed grace to go on all the way–
	I will do my best for Thee, my Saviour.

Jesus poured His life out as a living sacrifice,
Bore the cross in meekness and the shame He did despise,
Having fellowship with God, with world no compromise–
Doing that which always pleased the Father.

We must set our face like flint to go on all the way,
Though the world may sneer and scoff and hinder every day;
Jesus keeps His faithful ones, and they will hear Him say,
“You have done your best for Christ your Saviour.”

 a all always and as best better bore building can christ compromise cross daily day despise did do doing done every face faithful father fellowship flint follow footsteps for from give gladly go god god’s grace hand have having he hear hearing him hinder his i in is it jesus keeps land leading life like living lord may meekness must my needed no not obey obeying on ones our out pathway pleased poured right rock sacrifice sand saviour say scoff set shame sneer sweet that the thee they thou though thy to trace trod unto upon way we which will wilt with world yielding you your 

----------------------------------------

364. Let Us Consider Jesus

Let us consider Jesus,
Who was tempted sore and tried–
The pure and precious Lamb of God
For us was crucified.

	Let us be true like Jesus,
	And never turn aside;
	With a faithful heart and purpose true,
	Let us in Him abide.

Though lone the desert pathway,
’Tis God who leads us there
To prove our hearts and show to us
His daily love and care.

The path is full of danger,
So let us watch and pray
As Jesus did that lonely night
In dark Gethsemane.

The promised land is nearing;
Oh, shall we enter in,
Or perish in the wilderness,
Destroyed by self and sin?

Copyright: ©

 a abide and as aside be by care consider crucified daily danger dark desert destroyed did enter faithful for full gethsemane god heart hearts him his in is jesus lamb land leads let like lone lonely love nearing never night of oh or our path pathway perish pray precious promised prove pure purpose self shall show sin so sore tempted that the there though tis to tried true turn us was watch we who wilderness with 

----------------------------------------

365. Approved and Faithful

Loved of God, approved and chosen–
Sweet this thought to contrite heart–
Words that nerve my faint endeavour,
Spur me on to do my part.

	Oh! to be approved and faithful!
	Oh! to win His smile each day!
	This, O Lord, be my ambition
	Now and all along the way.

Sweet remembrance of the time when
First I knew His peace and smile
Gives my heart true rest and comfort,
Drives away what would defile.

In the home life His approval
Makes poor cot a palace fair,
Brings each day the heavenly sunlight;
This, because my Lord is there.

Copyright: ©

 a all along ambition and approval approved away be because brings chosen comfort contrite cot day defile do drives each endeavour faint fair faithful first gives god heart heavenly his home i in is knew life lord loved makes me my nerve now o of oh on palace part peace poor remembrance rest smile spur sunlight sweet that the there this thought time to true way what when win words would 

----------------------------------------

366. Pressing On

Evermore pressing on with the Saviour,
Never ceasing to labour and pray,
You will soon reach the end of the journey;
Do not weary or faint by the way.

	Pressing on, pressing on,
	Evermore seek to labour and pray;
	Keep your heart and your life
	On the altar of service alway.

Evermore pressing on, do not linger;
See, the shadows are falling around;
With the Saviour no evil can harm you,
Though the pitfalls and snares may abound.

Evermore pressing on in the footsteps
Of the Master who journeyed before
And the faithful who now share His glory,
Where they hunger and thirst nevermore.

Evermore seek the friendship of Jesus,
All your life’s little day here below;
In the glory and rest He is waiting–
Let your praises unceasingly flow.

Copyright: ©

 abound all altar alway and are around before below by can ceasing day do end evermore evil faint faithful falling flow footsteps friendship glory harm he heart here his hunger in is jesus journey journeyed keep labour let life life’s linger little master may never nevermore no not now of on or pitfalls praises pray pressing reach rest saviour see seek service shadows share snares soon the they thirst though to unceasingly waiting way weary where who will with you your 

----------------------------------------

367. Hold Fast

Hold fast thy confidence;
Lay not thine armour down.
Let neither moth nor rust destroy,
And no man take thy crown.
Hold fast eternal life;
His promises are true.
If we will firm and steadfast stand,
With strength He will renew.

	Hold fast, hold fast to what thou hast attained;
	Lay not thine armour down.
	Hold fast, and be thou faithful unto death;
	Let no man take thy crown.

Stand fast when tested sore,
Though keener grows the fight;
Thy Leader true has gone before:
Stand by His Spirit’s might.
Our comrades have been tried
And constant hardships met;
Our God can ne’er unrighteous be
Our labour to forget.

Steadfast in heart and mind,
Come, let us follow on;
Fear not the foe; take courage new,
Till victory is won.
Thy Saviour’s name hold fast;
Ne’er shun the cross or pain.
Have confidence and hope in God:
Enduring, we shall reign.

Copyright: ©

 and are armour attained be been before by can come comrades confidence constant courage cross crown death destroy down enduring eternal faithful fast fear fight firm foe follow forget god gone grows hardships has hast have he heart his hold hope if in is keener labour lay leader let life man met might mind moth name neither new ne’er no nor not on or our pain promises reign renew rust saviour’s shall shun sore spirit’s stand steadfast strength take tested the thine thou though thy till to tried true unrighteous unto us victory we what when will with won 

----------------------------------------

368. I Am Satisfied Indeed

Once I wandered on in darkness,
Knowing naught of Jesus’ care,
Till I heard the glorious message;
Now heaven’s peace and joy I share.

	Satisfied, satisfied,
	I am satisfied indeed.
	Now His Spirit gently leads me,
	And He meets my heart’s deep need.

I have given Him the lordship
Of my heart and life for aye;
Naught from Him my soul can sever–
He’s my Life, my Truth, my Way.

I have proved His saving power,
And I know He’ll always be
True and faithful, never changing,
Giving life and liberty.

I am satisfied in Jesus,
From the chains of sin set free;
And each day I long to follow
Him who gave His life for me.

Copyright: ©

 always am and aye be can care chains changing darkness day deep each faithful follow for free from gave gently given giving glorious have he heard heart heart’s heaven’s he’ll he’s him his i in indeed jesus joy know knowing leads liberty life long lordship me meets message my naught need never now of on once peace power proved satisfied saving set sever share sin soul spirit the till to true truth wandered way who 

----------------------------------------

369. Where Others Conquered

Where others conquered we can win;
As others fought we, too, can fight.
All enemies, the host of sin,
We, by God’s power, can put to flight.

God’s armour waits for us to wear:
The shield and breastplate are at hand.
No dart can harm: we’re in His care
And able in His strength to stand.

New hope springs up; we stronger grow,
For brothers, sisters in the past
Have bravely faced the fiercest foe
And pressed the battle to the last.

God’s mighty power is on our side;
For us His grace and wisdom are.
We will in Christ our Lord abide
And spread His glorious name afar.

Copyright: ©

 abide able afar all and are armour as at battle bravely breastplate brothers by can care christ conquered dart enemies faced fiercest fight flight foe for fought glorious god’s grace grow hand harm have his hope host in is last lord mighty name new no of on others our past power pressed put shield side sin sisters spread springs stand strength stronger the to too up us waits we wear we’re where will win wisdom 

----------------------------------------

370. Till Breaking of the Day

Lord, grant Thy people grace
The hosts of sin to face
And calmly fill their place
Till breaking of the day.

Lord, help Thy servants keep
Watch through the darkness deep,
That they may seek Thy sheep
Till breaking of the day.

May we united stand,
Hand clasped in loving hand,
Thy faithful, loyal band
Till breaking of the day.

Regard our low estate;
Our need of Thee is great
As we in patience wait
The breaking of the day.

Copyright: ©

 and as band breaking calmly clasped darkness day deep estate face faithful fill grace grant great hand help hosts in is keep lord loving low loyal may need of our patience people place regard seek servants sheep sin stand that the thee their they through thy till to united wait watch we 

----------------------------------------

371. My Life Is Hid

My life is hid with Christ in God,
Preserved within that sure retreat;
Though Satan rage against my soul,
I worship at my Saviour’s feet.

	No foes can reach that secret place
	Where hides my soul safe in His care;
	His presence, like a wall of fire,
	Is round about me everywhere.

The fiery darts which Satan hurls,
Temptations painful and severe,
No more my trembling soul appal:
I know the Lord of Hosts is near.

Though fierce the conflict here below,
With hosts of sin by Satan led,
The God of Truth will favour me
And bruise the fiery serpent’s head.

I rest in God’s unchanging love;
His peace now reigns within my heart;
Obedient to the Spirit’s voice,
I daily choose the better part.

Copyright: ©

 a about against and appal at below better bruise by can care choose christ conflict daily darts everywhere favour feet fierce fiery fire foes god god’s head heart here hid hides his hosts hurls i in is know led life like lord love me more my near no now obedient of painful part peace place presence preserved rage reach reigns rest retreat round safe satan saviour’s secret serpent’s severe sin soul spirit’s sure temptations that the though to trembling truth unchanging voice wall where which will with within worship 

----------------------------------------

372. May the Lord Depend on You?

In the warfare we are waging
For the truth and for the right,
When the conflict fierce is raging
With the powers of the night,
God needs workers brave and true;
May He, then, depend on you?

	May the Lord depend on you?
	Loyalty is but His due:
	Say, O spirit brave and true,
	That He may depend on you.

Shall we, then, go forth as soldiers,
Fighting in the Saviour’s might,
’Gainst the powers of sin and darkness,
’Gainst the legions of the night?
God requires the brave and true;
May He, then, depend on you?

From His throne the Father sees us;
This should help us to prevail;
For our leader true is Jesus,
And we shall not, cannot fail.
Triumph crowns the brave and true;
May the Lord depend on you?

 and are as brave but cannot conflict crowns darkness depend due fail father fierce fighting for forth from gainst go god he help his in is jesus leader legions lord loyalty may might needs night not o of on our powers prevail raging requires right saviour’s say sees shall should sin soldiers spirit that the then this throne to triumph true truth us waging warfare we when with workers you 

----------------------------------------

373. Clad in Your Armour

Clad in your armour, firmly you stand,
Loins girt with truth at your Leader’s command;
Forth to the conflict, led by His hand,
Onward to victory go!

	Watching, praying, never quit the field!
	Prayer prevailing, do not faint, nor yield;
	Christ is your leader, faith is your shield–
	Faith in the living God.

Sound in His statutes– truth must prevail–
Heart right and willing, you will not fail;
Feet shod and ready when foes assail,
Onward to victory go!

Safe with your helmet, humble in mind,
Christ-like, obedient, self far behind;
God’s sword and spirit nothing can bind,
Onward to victory go!

Clad in your armour, whole and complete,
All prayer prevailing, who can defeat?
Faithful to Jesus, never retreat,
Onward to victory go!

Copyright: ©

 all and armour assail at behind bind by can christ clad command complete conflict defeat do fail faint faith faithful far feet field firmly foes forth girt go god god’s hand heart helmet his humble in is jesus leader leader’s led like living loins mind must never nor not nothing obedient onward prayer praying prevail prevailing quit ready retreat right safe self shield shod sound spirit stand statutes sword the to truth victory watching when who whole will willing with yield you your 

----------------------------------------

374. Stronger Than the Strong

The path, though steep and narrow,
My weary feet must tread;
I will not grieve nor murmur–
My Lord is just ahead.
Though sin is raging round me,
And I must face the foe,
My hope and shield is Jesus,
And so I onward go.

	Stronger than the strong is He,
	Strong to give the victory.
	He is interceding,
	With the Father pleading;
	Stronger than the strong is He.

Amid the storm and tempest,
I hear His voice so sweet;
He speaks my soul to comfort
And stay my wavering feet.
His hand is good upon me,
And I rejoice to know
That Jesus is my leader,
And so I onward go.

Though great the tribulation,
Exceeding great the prize;
The glory is eternal
With joy that never dies.
I have His presence with me
Amid earth’s pain and woe;
He is my consolation,
And so I onward go.

Copyright: ©

 ahead amid and comfort consolation dies earth’s eternal exceeding face father feet foe give glory go good great grieve hand have he hear his hope i interceding is jesus joy just know leader lord me murmur must my narrow never nor not onward pain path pleading presence prize raging rejoice round shield sin so soul speaks stay steep storm strong stronger sweet tempest than that the though to tread tribulation upon victory voice wavering weary will with woe 

----------------------------------------

375. In Every Part

In every part the battle rages on,
All through the night until the break of dawn.
Be of good courage: Christ the Lord shall come;
Till then, be strong, be strong!

In every life, a conflict fierce and keen;
At every gate, an ambushed foe unseen.
Each Canaan has its Jordan yet between–
Until the Master comes.

Be not afraid– the Overcomer stands
With help and courage in His outstretched hands.
He who has led, forever understands;
For His dear sake, be strong!

Fight on– but once the battle rests with thee,
Then thou shalt rest for all eternity.
To hang thy shield of faith in victory,
O soldier brave, fight on!

Copyright: ©

 a afraid all ambushed an and at battle be between brave break but canaan christ come comes conflict courage dawn dear each eternity every faith fierce fight foe for forever gate good hands hang has he help his in its jordan keen led life lord master night not o of on once outstretched overcomer part rages rest rests sake shall shalt shield soldier stands strong the thee then thou through thy till to understands unseen until victory who with yet 

----------------------------------------

376. Be Ye Immovable

Be ye immovable, steadfast in heart–
Strength for the conflict the Lord will impart.
Great is His faithfulness; He cannot fail.
:: Keep on pursuing; His arm will prevail. ::

	Faint, yet pursuing, own no defeat;
	Faint, yet pursuing, never retreat.
	Jesus is anxiously watching the fray:
	Keep on pursuing till close of the day.

Be ye immovable facing the foe–
Courage and wisdom the Lord will bestow.
War a good warfare, and cease not to fight,
:: Strong in the Lord and the power of His might. ::

Be ye immovable, quit not the field–
Trust in the Lord, and our foes then must yield.
Press on to conquer, and never gainsay,
:: Steadfastly minded to go all the way. ::

Be ye immovable, firm to the end–
Patient endurance the Lord will extend.
Tender, compassionate, heart full of love,
:: Faithful the One interceding above. ::

Copyright: ©

 a above all and anxiously arm be bestow cannot cease close compassionate conflict conquer courage day defeat end endurance extend facing fail faint faithful faithfulness field fight firm foe foes for fray full gainsay go good great he heart his immovable impart in interceding is jesus keep lord love might minded must never no not of on one our own patient power press prevail pursuing quit retreat steadfast steadfastly strength strong tender the then till to trust war warfare watching way will wisdom ye yet yield 

----------------------------------------

377. How Real to Know

How real to know the mighty power of Jesus,
To let Him reign supreme o’er all within,
To live our days on earth as days in heaven,
To hear the Saviour say at last “Well done.”

	Be true and faithful: His mercy’s sure,
	His grace sufficient forever will endure.

How real to bear the cross and follow Jesus,
To share a little of His shame down here:
Misunderstood, rejected like the Master,
Like Him a stranger with the worldling’s sneer.

He knows the tests that lie across life’s pathway,
In love and meekness all His trials bore;
He overcame, now pleads for us in glory;
O help us, Lord, to love Thee more and more.

Our best is wholly give ourselves to Jesus,
To spend our days, our health, our life for Him,
To live the truth throughout the daily home life:
A light, a help, some precious soul to win.

 a across all and as at be bear best bore cross daily days done down earth endure faithful follow for forever give glory grace he health hear heaven help here him his home how in is jesus know knows last let lie life life’s light like little live lord love master meekness mercy’s mighty misunderstood more now o of on our ourselves overcame o’er pathway pleads power precious real reign rejected saviour say shame share sneer some soul spend stranger sufficient supreme sure tests that the thee throughout to trials true truth us well wholly will win with within worldling’s 

----------------------------------------

378. In All My Vast Concerns

In all my vast concerns with Thee,
In vain my soul would try
To shun Thy presence, Lord, or flee
The notice of Thine eye.

Thine all-surrounding sight surveys
My rising and my rest,
My public walks, my private ways,
The secrets of my breast.

My thoughts lie open to Thee, Lord,
Before they’re formed within;
And, ere my lips pronounce the word,
Thou knowest the sense I mean.

Oh, wondrous knowledge, deep and high!
Where can a creature hide?
Within Thy circling arms I lie,
Beset on every side.

So let Thy grace surround me still
And like a bulwark prove,
To guard my soul from every ill,
Secured by sovereign love.

 a all and arms before beset breast bulwark by can circling concerns creature deep ere every eye flee formed from grace guard hide high i ill in knowest knowledge let lie like lips lord love me mean my notice of oh on open or presence private pronounce prove public rest rising secrets secured sense shun side sight so soul sovereign still surround surrounding surveys the thee they’re thine thou thoughts thy to try vain vast walks ways where with within wondrous word would 

----------------------------------------

379. Search Me, O God

Search me, O God! my actions try,
And let my life appear
As seen by Thine all-searching eye;
To mine, my ways make clear.

Search all my thoughts, the secret springs,
The motives that control,
The chambers where polluted things
Hold empire o’er the soul.

Search till Thy fiery glance has cast
Its holy light through all,
And I, by grace, am brought at last
Before Thy face to fall.

Thus prostrate, I shall learn of Thee
What now I feebly prove:
That God alone, in Christ, can be
Unutterable love!

 actions all alone am and appear as at be before brought by can cast chambers christ clear control empire eye face fall feebly fiery glance god grace has hold holy i in its last learn let life light love make me mine motives my now o of o’er polluted prostrate prove search searching secret seen shall soul springs that the thee thine things thoughts through thus thy till to try unutterable ways what where 

----------------------------------------

380. Search Me, O Lord

Search me, O Lord, and know my inmost heart;
Let Thy pure light now penetrate each part.
I would be pure, my spirit would be free
To love and serve in harmony with Thee.

Search me, O Lord, and try this heart of mine;
Search me and prove if I indeed am Thine.
Test by Thy word, that never changed can be,
My strength of hope and living faith in Thee.

Search me, O Lord, my thoughts in mercy try;
Let naught escape Thine all-discerning eye.
Know every thought, then help me graciously
To fix my mind and will to honour Thee.

Search me, O Lord, and from the dross of sin
Refine as gold, and keep me pure within.
Search Thou my ways, whose springs Thine eye can see;
From secret faults, O Saviour, cleanse Thou me.

Search me, O Lord, and in Thy mercy lead
My feet to walk, and let me take good heed
That I may hear Thy voice, obey and see
The everlasting way that leads to Thee.

Copyright: ©

 all am and as be by can changed cleanse discerning dross each escape everlasting every eye faith faults feet fix free from gold good graciously harmony hear heart heed help honour hope i if in indeed inmost keep know lead leads let light living lord love may me mercy mind mine my naught never now o obey of part penetrate prove pure refine saviour search secret see serve sin spirit springs strength take test that the thee then thine this thou thought thoughts thy to try voice walk way ways whose will with within word would 

----------------------------------------

381. Heart and Purpose

O’er and o’er a voice is borne to me
From the homeland of eternity:
“Steady, brother, God has need of thee;
Keep thy heart and purpose true.”

	Jesus, Saviour, walk beside me
	Till the homeland greets my view;
	Help me toil and sing and journey
	With a heart and purpose true.

Fears within me sound a loud retreat,
Foes without sow briars for my feet,
And my soul this question oft repeats:
“Are my heart and purpose true?”

Oh, for faith to help me walk aright,
Hope to point my vision to the light,
Love to keep my garments pure and white,
And my heart and purpose true.

Lord, Thy love and grace suffice for me
As I journey hand in hand with Thee,
And I’ll bear my burden gratefully,
With a heart and purpose true.

Copyright: ©

 a and are aright as bear beside borne briars brother burden eternity faith fears feet foes for from garments god grace gratefully greets hand has heart help homeland hope i in is i’ll jesus journey keep light lord loud love me my need of oft oh o’er point pure purpose question repeats retreat saviour sing soul sound sow steady suffice the thee this thy till to toil true view vision voice walk white with within without 

----------------------------------------

382. A Broken, Contrite Heart

A broken and a contrite heart
Our God will not despise;
He longs to be our strength and shield,
To counsel and advise.
A contrite spirit is the price
To keep His storehouse open;
When we’re worthy He delights
To help and sympathize.

The race was never to the swift,
Nor battle to the strong;
The patient, frail, uncomely Man
Prevailed when all went wrong;
He fought each battle on His knees
And took each victory calmly,
Lived and died a sacrifice,
Rejected by the throng.

There’s victory for the ones alone
Who keep the faith like Paul,
Who walk with God and hear His voice
And heed His every call,
Who keep their garments clean and white,
Though comrades fall and waver;
Such will cheer the heart of God
And be a help to all.

Copyright: ©

 a advise all alone and battle be broken by call calmly cheer clean comrades contrite counsel delights despise died each every faith fall for fought frail garments god he hear heart heed help his is keep knees like lived longs man never nor not of on ones open our patient paul prevailed price race rejected sacrifice shield spirit storehouse strength strong such swift sympathize the their there’s though throng to took uncomely victory voice walk was waver went we’re when white who will with worthy wrong 

----------------------------------------

383. He Knows Our Hearts

He knows our hearts; what joy it brings Him
To there behold a purpose true
To do His will and seek refreshing
From Him whose voice inspires anew.
He knows the trials and temptations,
And bids us seek His face alone
For grace to overcome and live a life
more worthy of His “Well done.”

His care can soften all our hardness,
Relieve when all seems dark and vain,
And fill our hearts with deeper purpose
To glorify His precious name.
How much He’s grieved if we’re not proving
His voice and presence always near;
So let us ever seek to prove His wondrous care,
always count it dear.

He leads us, and by faith we follow,
With hearts united to His will;
His heart will plan, His hand deliver
And show to us He’s leading still.
How much we see in Him to cheer us,
To keep us in the evil day;
Abiding so that we may fruitful be,
unceasingly watch and pray.

Copyright: ©

 a abiding all alone always and anew be behold bids brings by can care cheer count dark day dear deeper deliver do done ever evil face faith fill follow for from fruitful glorify grace grieved hand hardness he heart hearts he’s him his how if in inspires it joy keep knows leading leads let life live may more much name near not of our overcome plan pray precious presence prove proving purpose refreshing relieve see seek seems show so soften still temptations that the there to trials true unceasingly united us vain voice watch we well we’re what when whose will with wondrous worthy 

----------------------------------------

384. Cleansing for Me

Lord, through the blood of the Lamb that was slain,
Cleansing for me, Cleansing for me;
From all the guilt of my sins now I claim
Cleansing from Thee, Cleansing from Thee;
Sinful and dark though the past may have been,
Many the crushing defeats I have seen,
Yet on Thy promise, O Lord, now I lean–
Cleansing for me, Cleansing for me.

From all the doubts that have filled me with gloom,
Cleansing for me, Cleansing for me.
From all the fears that would point me to doom,
Cleansing for me, Cleansing for me.
Jesus, although I may not understand,
In childlike faith now I put forth my hand;
And through Thy word and Thy grace I shall stand,
Cleansèd by Thee, Cleansèd by Thee.

From all the care of what men think or say,
Cleansing for me, Cleansing for me.
From ever fearing to speak, sing or pray,
Cleansing for me, Cleansing for me.
Lord, in Thy love and Thy power make me strong,
That all may know that to Thee I belong;
When I am pardoned, let this be my song–
Cleansèd by Thee, Cleansèd by Thee.

 all although am and be been belong blood by care childlike claim cleansing cleansèd crushing dark defeats doom doubts ever faith fearing fears filled for forth from gloom grace guilt hand have i in jesus know lamb lean let lord love make many may me men my not now o of on or pardoned past point power pray promise put say seen shall sinful sing sins slain song speak stand strong that the thee think this though through thy to understand was what when with word would yet 

----------------------------------------

385. Thou Art Worthy

Thou art worthy, Thou art worthy,
Blessèd Jesus, Lord of all!
Of our best, Lord, Thou art worthy,
At whose throne the angels fall!
Help us sing along the pathway
When the deeper cost we meet,
Echoes of the songs of heaven,
While we worship at Thy feet.

	For Thou hast redeemed us
	To Thyself, Lord Jesus,
	By the blood of Calvary’s cross
	And dark Gethsemane.

Thou art worthy, Thou art worthy,
Lamb of God, for sinners slain!
Of our lives, Lord, Thou art worthy–
There to live Thy life again.
To receive all strength and honour,
Adoration, praise and love,
Oh, forever, Thou art worthy,
Lord and Light of heaven above!

Copyright: ©

 above adoration again all along and angels art at best blessèd blood by calvary’s cost cross dark deeper echoes fall feet for forever gethsemane god hast heaven help honour jesus lamb life light live lives lord love meet of oh our pathway praise receive redeemed sing sinners slain songs strength the there thou throne thy thyself to us we when while whose worship worthy 

----------------------------------------

386. Christ for Us

Christ for us on Calvary’s mountain,
All our sins upon Him laid,
Offered up for our offences
His own blood, our ransom paid.

	For us lived and died,
	For us Christ revived,
	That in us, as Lord abiding,
	He might hope provide.

Christ for us within the garden
Rose triumphant o’er the grave,
Rose to justify and free us
And from fear of death to save.

Christ for us now interceding:
On the throne above He pleads;
Grace and mercy He supplies us,
All-sufficient for our needs.

Christ in us, our hope of glory;
All our victory over sin,
In the world midst its temptations,
Is the living Christ within.

Copyright: ©

 abiding above all and as blood calvary’s christ death died fear for free from garden glory grace grave he him his hope in interceding is its justify laid lived living lord mercy midst might mountain needs now of offences offered on our over own o’er paid pleads provide ransom revived rose save sin sins sufficient supplies temptations that the throne to triumphant up upon us victory within world 

----------------------------------------

387. Bravely Tread the Path

Bravely tread the path with Jesus;
He the winepress trod alone,
Strengthened by His heavenly Father;
Now He reigns upon the throne.
See the cruel shame He suffered
All alone on Calvary’s tree,
Yet His ardour ne’er diminished,
Even in Gethsemane.

	Alone He trod the winepress;
	He will ne’er forsake His own;
	He will succour those who labour,
	Weeping, praying, oft alone.

All alone before the rulers,
He, their Saviour, stood disowned;
Like a lamb before its shearers,
He was silent, unrenowned;
Fear not, then, to tread the winepress,
With the Lord to lead and guide;
He who stood alone will succour
Those who in His love abide.

O’er all others He’s anointed
With the oil of gladness true,
Drinking in the Father’s kingdom
Of the wine that’s ever new;
And we soon shall share His glory
If we share His suffering here;
As we stand among the victors,
God will dry our every tear.

Copyright: ©

 a abide all alone among and anointed ardour as before bravely by calvary’s cruel diminished disowned drinking dry even ever every father father’s fear forsake gethsemane gladness glory god guide he heavenly here he’s his if in its jesus kingdom labour lamb lead like lord love new ne’er not now of oft oil on others our own o’er path praying reigns rulers saviour see shall shame share shearers silent soon stand stood strengthened succour suffered suffering tear that’s the their then those throne to tread tree trod true unrenowned upon victors was we weeping who will wine winepress with yet 

----------------------------------------

388. In Lowliness the Saviour Came

In lowliness the Saviour came,
On earth to live for me
And manifest God’s perfect life
In all humility.
Rejected by the world He died;
He gave His life for me,
Endured the cross, despised the shame,
That I might ransomed be.

By faith He dwells within my heart,
Imparting life to me;
His power and grace now keep my soul
From all defilement free.
My great High Priest, He intercedes
At God’s right hand for me;
His heart is touched– I know He feels
For my infirmity.

He lived for me; He died for me;
God raised Him up again,
To intercede at His right hand
Until He comes to reign.
For God, who cannot lie, has said
That He will come for me
And take me home to share His joy
Throughout eternity.

Copyright: ©

 again all and at be by came cannot come comes cross defilement despised died dwells earth endured eternity faith feels for free from gave god god’s grace great hand has he heart high him his home humility i imparting in infirmity intercede intercedes is joy keep know lie life live lived lowliness manifest me might my now on perfect power priest raised ransomed reign rejected right said saviour shame share soul take that the throughout to touched until up who will within world 

----------------------------------------

389. The Way to Calvary

The way to Calvary’s cross,
Unflinchingly Christ trod;
His life in sacrifice He gave–
Jesus, the Lamb of God.

	We thank Thee for the bread–
	In it His life we see;
	We thank Thee for the wine
	Which means His blood was shed for me.

The sins of all the world
Were on His shoulders laid;
He bowed His blood-stained head and died:
The ransom price was paid.

Our sins are washed away
In His own precious blood;
We plead for grace and strength to serve
And love Him as we should.

Copyright: ©

 all and are as away blood bowed bread calvary’s christ cross died for gave god grace he head him his in it jesus laid lamb life love me means of on our own paid plead precious price ransom sacrifice see serve shed should shoulders sins stained strength thank the thee to trod unflinchingly was washed way we were which wine world 

----------------------------------------

390. I Need the Mind of Christ

I need the mind of Christ,
His pure and holy mind,
That all my inmost soul may be
Unto His law inclined.

	Most Holy Spirit, lead;
	O speed my feet to run,
	That I may gain the highest prize:
	The image of God’s Son.

I need the mind of Christ
To do God’s holy will,
With all my heart, my soul and strength,
The law of love fulfil.

I need the mind of Christ,
His fervent love and zeal,
That I may daily grow in grace
And gain the Spirit’s seal.

I need the mind of Christ
To follow where He trod,
To perfect me in holiness,
In love and fear of God.

Copyright: ©

 all and be christ daily do fear feet fervent follow fulfil gain god god’s grace grow he heart highest his holiness holy i image in inclined inmost law lead love may me mind most my need o of perfect prize pure run seal son soul speed spirit spirit’s strength that the to trod unto where will with zeal 

----------------------------------------

391. Calvary

Lord, we gather round Thy footstool,
Bowed in deep humility;
As we look upon the emblems,
We remember Calvary.

	Calvary, Calvary,
	We remember Calvary–
	In the bread Thy broken body,
	In the wine Thy blood we see.

In that night so dark with sorrow,
Left alone in prayer to bow,
See Him drink our cup of anguish,
Drops of blood upon His brow.

See Him led outside the city,
Bruised and bearing all our sin;
Cruel was the death He suffered,
Heaven’s joy for us to win.

Unto Him who loved and washed us
From our sins in His own blood,
We would render thanks and plead for
Grace to love Him as we should.

Copyright: ©

 all alone and anguish as bearing blood body bow bowed bread broken brow bruised calvary city cruel cup dark death deep drink drops emblems footstool for from gather grace he heaven’s him his humility in joy led left look lord love loved night of our outside own plead prayer remember render round see should sin sins so sorrow suffered thanks that the thy to unto upon us was washed we who win wine with would 

----------------------------------------

392. We Would See Jesus

We would see Jesus, for the shadows lengthen
Across this little landscape of our life;
We would see Jesus, our weak faith to strengthen,
For the last weariness, the final strife.

We would see Jesus, the great Rock Foundation,
Whereon our feet were set with sovereign grace;
Not life nor death, with all their agitation,
Can thence remove us, if we see His face.

We would see Jesus– other lights are paling,
Which for long years we have rejoiced to see;
The blessings of our pilgrimage are failing;
We would not mourn them, for we go to Thee.

We would see Jesus– this is all we’re needing:
Strength, joy and willingness come with the sight.
We would see Jesus, dying, risen, pleading;
Then welcome day, and farewell mortal night.

 across agitation all and are blessings can come day death dying face failing faith farewell feet final for foundation go grace great have his if is jesus joy landscape last lengthen life lights little long mortal mourn needing night nor not of other our paling pilgrimage pleading rejoiced remove risen rock see set shadows sight sovereign strength strengthen strife the thee their them then thence this to us we weak weariness welcome were we’re whereon which willingness with would years 

----------------------------------------

393. I Am Now a Child of God

I am now a child of God:
Christ redeemed me by His blood;
For my sins He did atone,
Called me, sealed me as His own;
Henceforth all my life shall be
Consecrated, Lord, to Thee.

Gracious Holy Spirit, live
In my soul, and daily give
Rich supplies of grace divine–
Sanctify me wholly Thine;
All my spirit, body, soul
I resign to Thy control.

Help me, Lord, to daily die,
Self in all its forms deny;
Bid my carnal mind depart;
Reign supreme within my heart;
God of love and purity,
Fix Thy dwelling-place in me.

Open Thou mine inward ear;
Quicken all my soul to hear;
Help me never to rebel,
All self-will subdue, dispel;
Thy most gracious Holy Will,
Evermore in me fulfil.

Clothed in true humility,
Let me find my all in Thee;
May Thy life in me increase,
Love of self forever cease;
Finish, Lord, Thy work begun–
Mould and make me like Thy Son.

Copyright: ©

 a all am and as atone be begun bid blood body by called carnal cease child christ clothed consecrated control daily deny depart did die dispel divine dwelling ear evermore find finish fix for forever forms fulfil give god grace gracious he hear heart help henceforth his holy humility i in increase inward its let life like live lord love make may me mind mine most mould my never now of open own place purity quicken rebel redeemed reign resign rich sanctify sealed self shall sins son soul spirit subdue supplies supreme thee thine thou thy to true wholly will within work 

----------------------------------------

394. Abide in Him

Abide in Him, with patience run the race;
To overcome, the Lord will give you grace.

Abide in Him when tempted by the wrong;
Keep firm and true: the weak in Him are strong.

Abide in Him when trials press you sore:
His grace will prove sufficient o’er and o’er.

Abide in Him, the cross for Him endure;
And make your calling and election sure.

Abide in Him, though others turn aside;
The living branch will in the vine abide.

Abide in Him, obedient to His will;
His purpose in your life He will fulfil.

Copyright: ©

 abide and are aside branch by calling cross election endure firm for fulfil give grace he him his in keep life living lord make obedient others overcome o’er patience press prove purpose race run sore strong sufficient sure tempted the though to trials true turn vine weak when will with wrong you your 

----------------------------------------

395. Can Ye Not Watch?

One little hour for watching with the Master,
Eternal years to reign with Him in white.
One little hour to bravely meet disaster,
Eternal years to reign with Him in light.

	Then, souls, be brave, and watch until the morrow!
	Awake! arise! your lamps of purpose trim.
	Your Saviour speaks across the night of sorrow;
	Can ye not watch one little hour with Him?

One little hour to suffer scorn and losses,
Eternal years beyond earth’s cruel frowns.
One little hour the storm and tempest tosses,
Eternal years to wear unfading crowns.

One little hour for weary toils and trials,
Eternal years for calm and peaceful rest.
One little hour for patient self-denials,
Eternal years of life where life is blest.

 across and arise awake be beyond blest brave bravely calm can crowns cruel denials disaster earth’s eternal for frowns him hour in is lamps life light little losses master meet morrow night not of one patient peaceful purpose reign rest saviour scorn self sorrow souls speaks storm suffer tempest the then to toils tosses trials trim unfading until watch watching wear weary where white with ye years your 

----------------------------------------

396. A Little While

A little while to bear the cross
And share with Christ reproach and loss,
To face the world, its scorn and frown,
Before we lay our armour down.

	Our little while will soon be gone;
	For us eternity will dawn;
	Redeem the time, O watch and pray!
	Labour for Jesus while you may.

A little while to fight the fight,
Strong in His strength and Spirit’s might;
The Lord is on our side, and we,
Through Him, shall gain the victory.

A little while the course to run,
And then eternity begun;
We’ll see His face and share His bliss,
Receive the crown of righteousness.

A little while the faith to keep
And on the mountains seek His sheep,
His precious gospel to proclaim
And glorify the Master’s name.

Copyright: ©

 a and armour be bear before begun bliss christ course cross crown dawn down eternity face faith fight for frown gain glorify gone gospel him his in is its jesus keep labour lay little lord loss master’s may might mountains name o of on our pray precious proclaim receive redeem reproach righteousness run scorn see seek shall share sheep side soon spirit’s strength strong the then through time to us victory watch we we’ll while will with world you 

----------------------------------------

397. Only Remembered

Fading away like the stars of the morning,
Losing their light in the glorious sun–
Thus would we pass from the earth and its toiling,
Only remembered by what we have done.

	Only remembered, only remembered,
	Only remembered by what we have done;
	Thus would we pass from the earth and its toiling,
	Only remembered by what we have done.

Shall we be missed, though by others succeeded,
Reaping the fields we in springtime have sown?
Yes, but the sowers must pass from their labours,
Ever remembered by what they have done.

Only the truth that in life we have spoken,
Only the seed that on earth we have sown–
These shall pass onward when we are forgotten:
Fruits of the harvest and what we have done.

Oh, when the Saviour shall make up His jewels,
When the bright crowns of rejoicing are won,
Then shall His weary and faithful disciples
All be remembered by what they have done.

 all and are away be bright but by crowns disciples done earth ever fading faithful fields forgotten from fruits glorious harvest have his in its jewels labours life light like losing make missed morning must of oh on only onward others pass reaping rejoicing remembered saviour seed shall sowers sown spoken springtime stars succeeded sun that the their then these they though thus toiling truth up we weary what when won would yes 

----------------------------------------

398. Christ Is Coming

Christ is coming, Christ is coming!
Let us lift our eyes on high,
For the final, great fulfilment
Of all things is drawing nigh.
He shall soon appear in glory;
And with loud, triumphant cry,
They who loved the gospel story
Shall arise, no more to die.

Christ is coming, Christ is coming!
And these bodies sorely tried,
Which we yielded to His keeping,
Shall be changed and glorified.
Deeper fellowship forever,
Deeper joys we then shall know;
Unto God, Almighty Giver,
Songs of praise shall ever flow.

Christ is coming, Christ is coming!
Let us wisely now prepare;
If we taste of His rejection,
In His glory we shall share.
Now forsaking earthly pleasure,
We await that final day
When He comes, in fullest measure
All His glory to display.

Copyright: ©

 all almighty and appear arise await be bodies changed christ comes coming cry day deeper die display drawing earthly ever eyes fellowship final flow for forever forsaking fulfilment fullest giver glorified glory god gospel great he high his if in is joys keeping know let lift loud loved measure more nigh no now of on our pleasure praise prepare rejection shall share songs soon sorely story taste that the then these they things to tried triumphant unto us we when which who wisely with yielded 

----------------------------------------

399. In Vain Do the Wise

In vain do the wise seek to pierce through the veil
That’s hiding the future from view;
The Lord by His word sheds a light on our path,
The sages of earth cannot do.

	We pass through the shadows; we carry our cross,
	Esteeming things earthly but refuse and dross;
	For this cause we faint not, midst scorning of men:
	We look for the star of His coming again.

We value the truth lived and taught by the Lord,
And onward we press for the prize.
Since Jesus, the Master, our pathway has trod,
The future can hold no surprise.

We fear not the future; we live not in doubt:
The veil has been riven in twain.
We cherish the words heard on Olivet’s brow:
“This Jesus is coming again.”

It is not in vain that we run in the race,
Nor vain, that the battle we fight;
We lift up our eyes– our redemption draws nigh–
The Lord will appear in our sight.

Copyright: ©

 a again and appear battle been brow but by can cannot carry cause cherish coming cross do doubt draws dross earth earthly esteeming eyes faint fear fight for from future has heard hiding his hold in is it jesus lift light live lived look lord master men midst nigh no nor not of olivet’s on onward our pass path pathway pierce press prize race redemption refuse riven run sages scorning seek shadows sheds sight since star surprise taught that that’s the things this through to trod truth twain up vain value veil view we will wise word words 

----------------------------------------

400. When Jesus Comes

When Jesus comes to reward His servants,
Whether it be noon or night,
Faithful to Him will He find us watching,
With our lamps all trimmed and bright?

	Oh, can we say we are truly ready,
	Ready for the soul’s long home?
	Say, will He find you and me still watching,
	Watching, waiting, when the Lord shall come?

If at the dawn of the early morning
He shall call us one by one–
When to the Lord we restore our talents,
Will He answer us “Well done!”

Have we been true to the trust He left us?
Do we seek to do our best?
If in our hearts there is naught condemns us,
We shall have a glorious rest.

Blessèd are those whom the Lord finds watching–
In His glory they shall share;
If He should come at the dawn or midnight,
Will He find us watching there?

 a all and answer are at be been best blessèd bright by call can come comes condemns dawn do done early faithful find finds for glorious glory have he hearts him his home if in is it jesus lamps left long lord me midnight morning naught night noon of oh one or our ready rest restore reward say seek servants shall share should soul’s still talents the there they those to trimmed true truly trust us waiting watching we well when whether whom will with you 

----------------------------------------

401. Art Thou Waiting?

Art thou waiting for the day
Of the Lord’s appearing?
He has promised He shall come,
And the time is nearing.

	Lift thy head, the day draws near
	When the Master shall appear;
	Let thy heart be true, sincere,
	Ready, watching, praying.

All the kingdoms of the earth,
All their pride and power,
Shall be humbled to the dust
In that promised hour.

O beware, lest life’s vain cares,
Thoughts of earthly treasure,
Rob thee of thy love to do
All the Master’s pleasure.

Blest is he who shall endure
With love unabating,
Constant through the night’s long watch,
Faithful, loyal, waiting.

Copyright: ©

 all and appear appearing art be beware blest cares come constant day do draws dust earth earthly endure faithful for has he head heart hour humbled in is kingdoms lest let life’s lift long lord’s love loyal master master’s near nearing night’s o of pleasure power praying pride promised ready rob shall sincere that the thee their thou thoughts through thy time to treasure true unabating vain waiting watch watching when who with 

----------------------------------------

402. Lord, Grant My Life

Lord, grant my life may be
A corn of wheat,
Used here on earth for Thee
In service sweet,
Falling into the ground
That fruit may thus abound,
And with Thy blessings crowned
Bring joy to Thee.

I long to prove to Thee
My heart’s deep love,
By seeking faithfully
The things above;
My heart condemneth me
When keeping aught from Thee
Or seeking selfishly
My life to save.

The things of time have lost
Their charm for me;
Thy sacrifice that cost
So much to Thee
Doth show me what Thou art,
Helping this sinful heart
To choose the better part–
Of serving Thee.

Forsaking all for Thee,
I forward go,
From love of earth set free
While here below;
The things above now claim
First place, and in Thy name
I’ll seek, through joy or pain,
Thy kingdom first.

Copyright: ©

 a abound above all and art aught be below better blessings bring by charm choose claim condemneth corn cost crowned deep doth earth faithfully falling first for forsaking forward free from fruit go grant ground have heart heart’s helping here i in into i’ll joy keeping kingdom life long lord lost love may me much my name now of on or pain part place prove sacrifice save seek seeking selfishly service serving set show sinful so sweet that the thee their things this thou through thus thy time to used what wheat when while with 

----------------------------------------

403. Impelled by Love

The God of heaven spoke my name,
And to my soul His message came;
And though I knew not what would be,
I gladly answered “Lord, send me.”

	Impelled by love I’ll go again
	To seek the lost and dying men,
	For in my heart there is a flame
	Of burning love for Jesus’ name.

I hear the bleating of the sheep
And see the little lambs to keep;
I listen to the sinner’s plea
And say again, “Dear Lord, send me.”

I could not question “Is it I?”
When millions live in sin to die,
But ask that all that in me lie
Would always answer “Here am I.”

His precious name I want to bear
In answer to His loving care;
And more like Jesus I would be,
The pattern for eternity.

Copyright: ©

 a again all always am and answer answered ask be bear bleating burning but by came care could dear die dying eternity flame for gladly go god hear heart heaven here his i impelled in is it i’ll jesus keep knew lambs lie like listen little live lord lost love loving me men message millions more my name not of pattern plea precious question say see seek send sheep sin sinner’s soul spoke that the there though to want what when would 

----------------------------------------

404. There Is No Gain

There is no gain but by a loss:
Thus Jesus taught, who bore the cross;
A corn of wheat, to multiply,
Must fall into the ground and die;
Oh, should a soul alone remain,
When it a hundredfold may gain?

Who saves his life or cross would shun
Loses ten thousand, holding one;
And he who fain his life would spare,
Keeps from the multitude their share.
Oh, who can hear the needy cry
And yet refuse in love to die?

Wherever you ripe fields behold,
Waving to God their sheaves of gold,
Be sure some corn of wheat has died,
Some faithful life been crucified;
Someone has suffered, wept and prayed,
And fought hell’s legions undismayed.

 a alone and be been behold bore but by can corn cross crucified cry die died fain faithful fall fields fought from gain god gold ground has he hear hell’s his holding hundredfold in into is it jesus keeps legions life loses loss love may multiply multitude must needy no of oh one or prayed refuse remain ripe saves share sheaves should shun some someone soul spare suffered sure taught ten the their there thousand thus to undismayed waving wept wheat when wherever who would yet you 

----------------------------------------

405. The Call to Labour

Lord, let me hear once more the call to labour,
The call that rang beside blue Galilee,
To turn from home and lands and friends and kindred:
Speak, Lord, again and say “Come, follow me.”

Lift Thou mine eyes to see the fields now waiting
Close to my hand or far beyond the sea;
Then let me go and give my life, Lord Jesus,
Sowing or reaping, all as unto Thee.

Help me to see as sheep who have no shepherd,
The multitudes that throng on every side;
And let me say, wherever they may wander,
“These are the souls for whom my Saviour died.”

Touch Thou my heart with Thine own deep compassion,
Help me to love as Thou hast first loved me;
And put within, a burning, deep ambition
To guide some lost and wandering soul to Thee.

O keep me, Lord, from growing cold or careless,
But let my zeal and love still stronger be;
And till the day when Thou shalt come, Lord Jesus,
Let me be found still labouring for Thee.

Copyright: ©

 a again all ambition and are as be beside beyond blue burning but call careless close cold come compassion day deep died every eyes far fields first follow for found friends from galilee give go growing guide hand hast have hear heart help home jesus keep kindred labour labouring lands let life lift lord lost love loved may me mine more multitudes my no now o on once or own put rang reaping saviour say sea see shalt sheep shepherd side some soul souls sowing speak still stronger that the thee then these they thine thou throng till to touch turn unto waiting wander wandering when wherever who whom with within zeal 

----------------------------------------

406. Forget Them Not

Forget them not: the faithful band
Who kindred leave behind
To bear the truth to every land,
As debtors to mankind.

Forget them not in solitude,
When breathing earnest prayer,
That God may think on them for good
And bless them everywhere.

Forget them not: the toilers brave
Who scatter forth the seed;
To Jesus they are willing slaves,
Touched by a world in need.

Forget them not, for Jesus’ sake:
No selfish quest have they;
The daily cross they humbly take;
Forget them not, I pray.

Not these alone: remember, too,
All those who through their word
Hear and believe the gospel true;
For them our hearts are stirred.

Copyright: ©

 a all alone and are as band bear behind believe bless brave breathing by cross daily debtors earnest every everywhere faithful for forget forth god good gospel have hear hearts humbly i in jesus kindred land leave mankind may need no not on our pray prayer quest remember sake scatter seed selfish slaves solitude stirred take that the their them these they think those through to toilers too touched true truth when who willing word world 

----------------------------------------

407. O Say Not Ye

O say not ye, “’Tis four more months till harvest.”
Think not in heart, “There’s time to tarry here.”
Go forth among the labourers who are weary;
Give of your strength, their loving burden share.

O say not ye, “I am not fit to labour.”
God knows your heart, the struggles that lie there.
’Tis not your might or strength that will sustain you,
But by God’s power, His holy name you’ll bear.

Lift up your eyes and see the weary, fainting,
Wounded by life, with no help far or near.
Yield all you have, wait not until tomorrow;
Go forth to them and manifest God’s care.

Lift up your eyes, the fields are white and waiting;
It matters not what you must leave behind.
Before the precious grains are trampled under,
Go, glean the fields while yet the Lord gives time.

Remember, when the harvest is all gathered,
And sheaves are bound, and chaff is cast aside,
Who sows and reaps will both rejoice together
And in eternal love will then abide.

Copyright: ©

 abide all am among and are aside bear before behind both bound burden but by care cast chaff eternal eyes fainting far fields fit forth four gathered give gives glean go god god’s grains harvest have heart help here his holy i in is it knows labour labourers leave lie life lift lord love loving manifest matters might months more must name near no not o of or power precious reaps rejoice remember say see share sheaves sows strength struggles sustain tarry that the their them then there there’s think till time tis to together tomorrow trampled under until up wait waiting weary what when while white who will with wounded ye yet yield you your you’ll 

----------------------------------------

408. No Reputation

No reputation, with Jesus I go,
Willingly, cheerfully, my life to sow.
Sow to the Spirit, in faith lay it down;
Strive for the mastery, hope for the crown.

No reputation, if Jesus had none;
Why should I murmur, the suffering shun?
Why from the cross should I seek for release?
I must diminish for Him to increase.

No reputation, but with Him I crave
Glory immortal, beyond the dark grave,
Honour and glory which never can fade;
Scorners are silent, there’s none to upbraid.

No reputation and unrecognized,
Misunderstood and by worldlings despised,
God understands me– this thought will suffice;
Bearing the cross, I should ever rejoice.

No reputation, with Him I’m content,
Laying my life down, to spend and be spent;
Living or dying, I will not refrain:
God cannot lie, I shall take it again.

Copyright: ©

 again and are be bearing beyond but by can cannot cheerfully content crave cross crown dark despised diminish down dying ever fade faith for from glory go god grave had him honour hope i if immortal in increase it i’m jesus lay laying lie life living mastery me misunderstood murmur must my never no none not or refrain rejoice release reputation scorners seek shall should shun silent sow spend spent spirit strive suffering suffice take the there’s this thought to understands unrecognized upbraid which why will willingly with worldlings 

----------------------------------------

409. Alone With God

When storms of life are round me beating,
When rough the path that I have trod,
Within my closèd door retreating,
I love to be alone with God.

	Alone with God, the world forbidden;
	Alone with God, oh, blest retreat!
	Alone with God, and in Him hidden,
	To hold with Him communion sweet.

What though the clouds have gathered o’er me!
What though I’ve passed beneath the rod!
God’s perfect will there lies before me,
When I am thus alone with God.

’Tis there I find new strength for duty,
As o’er the sands of time I plod;
I see the King in all His beauty,
While resting there alone with God.

And when I see the moment nearing
When I shall sleep beneath the sod,
When time with me is disappearing,
I want to be alone with God.

 all alone am and are as be beating beauty before beneath blest closèd clouds communion disappearing door duty find for forbidden gathered god god’s have hidden him his hold i in is i’ve king lies life love me moment my nearing new of oh o’er passed path perfect plod resting retreat retreating rod rough round sands see shall sleep sod storms strength sweet that the there though thus time tis to trod want what when while will with within world 

----------------------------------------

410. Called Home to Rest

Called home to rest, beyond the vale of weeping–
The loving Father, He has willed it so–
In heaven above, safe in the Saviour’s keeping,
Oh! blest abode where sorrow’s tears ne’er flow.

Sweet recompense beyond all expectation,
Celestial joys before the throne of God
Await the heirs of Christ and true salvation,
Who here on earth through fiery trials trod.

Called home to rest, dark night has sped forever;
Called home to meet the Saviour face to face.
Oh, wondrous glories where no death can sever,
And angels sing sweet melodies of grace.

Cheered by Thy voice e’en though our path be clouded,
Thou art, O God, our comfort and delight;
And when our hearts in mourning’s robes are shrouded,
We feel Thee near– dear Guiding Star and Light.

Copyright: ©

 abode above all and angels are art await be before beyond blest by called can celestial cheered christ clouded comfort dark dear death delight earth expectation e’en face father feel fiery flow forever glories god grace guiding has he hearts heaven heirs here home in it joys keeping light loving meet melodies mourning’s near ne’er night no o of oh on our path recompense rest robes safe salvation saviour saviour’s sever shrouded sing so sorrow’s sped star sweet tears the thee thou though throne through thy to trials trod true vale voice we weeping when where who willed wondrous 

----------------------------------------

411. Sweet, Sweet Release

Sweet, sweet release, when pain and death have flown,
And Jesus lives forever with His own.

Mourn not, dear soul, thy loved one is at rest
On Jesus’ bosom, with the heavenly blest.

Home, heavenly home– all toil and trouble past;
The Saviour called our loved one home at last.

Morn, brightest morn, shall break, with death no more,
And we shall rise to reign on that blest shore.

It is His will, all earthly struggles cease;
And Jesus calls us to heaven’s perfect peace.

Copyright: ©

 all and at blest bosom break brightest called calls cease dear death earthly flown forever have heavenly heaven’s his home is it jesus last lives loved more morn mourn no not on one our own pain past peace perfect reign release rest rise saviour shall shore soul struggles sweet that the thy to toil trouble us we when will with 

----------------------------------------

412. When Life Is Ended

When life is ended and I must travel
Through death’s dark chambers, I need not fear:
If I have Jesus to guard and guide me,
I walk securely with One so dear.

Though dark the valley that lies before me,
A light far brighter than noonday sun
Shines o’er my pathway, and hope eternal
I see in Jesus; earth’s day is done.

I look to Jesus, bright Star to guide me;
’Twas Jesus vanquished death and the grave;
’Twas Jesus only bore my transgression,
For Jesus only my soul could save.

Oh, glorious dawning, blest resurrection!
When I with Jesus come forth again,
I shall adore Him, my wondrous Saviour:
He freed my soul from sin’s curse and stain.

Copyright: ©

 a adore again and before blest bore bright brighter chambers come could curse dark dawning day dear death death’s done earth’s ended eternal far fear for forth freed from glorious grave guard guide have he him hope i if in is jesus lies life light look me must my need noonday not oh one only o’er pathway resurrection save saviour securely see shall shines sin’s so soul stain star sun than that the though through to transgression travel twas valley vanquished walk when with wondrous 

----------------------------------------

